  Skip to main content   Home Page                     Search     Include Historical Content  - Any - No    Include Historical Content  - Any - No   Search      Information Menu    Help    News    Language    English    Español    中文    한국어    Русский    Tiếng Việt      Charities & Nonprofits    Tax Pros          Toggle search       Help Menu Mobile    Help       MENU Toggle menu            Search     Include Historical Content  - Any - No    Include Historical Content  - Any - No   Search                   File       Information For...      Individuals  For you and your family      International Taxpayers  Individuals abroad and more      Business & Self Employed  EINs and other information      Government Entities     Normal     Filing For Individuals      How to File      When to File      Where to File      Update My Information     Normal     Popular      Extension to File      Get Your Tax Record      Free File      Employer Identification Number (EIN)      Get an Identity Protection PIN (IP PIN)     Popular       Pay       Pay By      Bank Account (Direct Pay)      Debit or Credit Card      Payment Plan (Installment Agreement)      Electronic Federal Tax Payment System (EFTPS)     Normal     Popular      View Your Account      Withholding Calculator      Estimated Taxes      Penalties     Popular       Refunds              Where's My Refund?           What to Expect      Direct Deposit      Reduced Refunds      Fix/Correct a Return     Normal       Credits & Deductions       Information For...      Individuals  For you and your family      Business & Self Employed  Standard mileage and other information     Normal     Popular      Earned Income Credit (EITC)      Child Tax Credit      Standard Deduction      Health Coverage      Retirement Savings     Popular       Forms & Instructions       Forms and Instructions      Form 1040  Individual Tax Return      Schedule A (Form 1040)  Itemized Deductions      Form 4868  Application for Automatic Extension of Time      Form W-9  Request for Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) and Certification     Normal         Form 1040-EZ  Single and Joint Filers With No Dependents      Form 941  Employer's Quarterly Federal Tax Return      Form W-4  Employee's Withholding Allowance Certificate      Form 4506-T  Request for Transcript of Tax Return     Normal     Popular For Tax Pros      Form 1040X  Amend/Fix Return      Form 2848  Apply for Power of Attorney      Form W-7  Apply for an ITIN      Circular 230  Rules Governing Practice before IRS     Normal                Information Menu    Help    News    Language    English    Español    中文    한국어    Русский    Tiếng Việt      Charities & Nonprofits    Tax Pros          Main navigation    File    Pay    Refunds    Credits & Deductions    Forms & Instructions      Info Menu Mobile    Help    News    Language    English    Español    中文    한국어    Русский    Tiếng Việt      Charities & Nonprofits    Tax Pros                             Refund Status    Make a Payment      File an Extension    Free File      Get Your Tax Record    View Your Account      Get an Identification Protection PIN (IP PIN)    Employer ID Number (EIN)               Forms & Instructions         1040  Individual Tax Return        1040-EZ  Tax return for Single and Joint Filers With No Dependents        W-4  Employee's Withholding Allowance Certificate        Search Forms & Instructions                      Urgent Deadline Update: File by April 18  Taxpayers have additional day to file returns and pay following system issues.  Continue reading        Need more time to file your return?  An extension to file does not affect any taxes owed.  Find out more        Do a “Paycheck Checkup”  Use the Withholding Calculator to make sure you have the right amount of tax…  Learn more        Tax Reform  Get the latest information on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  Continue reading        Haven’t filed your 2014 tax return?  The clock is ticking for taxpayers who may have unclaimed refunds.  Learn more        2018 Dirty Dozen  Don’t fall prey for these common tax scams.  Find out more                         IRS2Go Mobile App    The official mobile app of the IRS    Learn more                                                                        Our Agency    About IRS    Work at IRS    Help    Contact Your Local Office    Tax Stats, Facts & Figures          Know Your Rights    Taxpayer Bill of Rights    Taxpayer Advocate Service    Accessibility    Civil Rights    Freedom of Information Act    No Fear Act    Privacy Policy          Resolve an Issue    Respond to a Notice    Office of Appeals    Identity Theft    Report Phishing    Tax Fraud & Abuse          Other Languages    Español    中文    한국어    Pусский    Tiếng Việt          Related Sites    U.S. Treasury    Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration    USA.gov                    #^$  Skip to main content             Search SEC.gov        Company Filings | More Search Options            U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission           Show — Main navigation  Hide — Main navigation    About    What We Do    Commissioners    Securities Laws    SEC Docket    Reports and Publications    Careers    Contact      Divisions & Offices    Corporation Finance    Enforcement    Investment Management    Economic and Risk Analysis    Trading and Markets    Office of Administrative Law Judges    Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations    Regional Offices    All Divisions and Offices      Enforcement    Litigation Releases    Administrative Proceedings    Opinions and Adjudicatory Orders    Accounting and Auditing    Trading Suspensions    How Investigations Work      Regulation    Rulemaking Index    Proposed Rules    Final Rules    Interim Final Temporary Rules    Other Orders and Notices    Self-Regulatory Organizations    Staff Interpretations      Education    Investor.gov    Check Out a Broker or Adviser    Investor Alerts and Bulletins    Fast Answers    File a Tip or Complaint    Publications      Filings    EDGAR Search Tools    Company Filing Search    How to Search EDGAR    Requesting Public Documents    Forms List    Information for Filers    About EDGAR      News    Press Releases    Public Statements    Speeches    Testimony    Spotlight Topics    What's New    Upcoming Events    Webcasts    SEC Videos    Media Gallery        User account menu    Log in                      U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission    Divisions & Offices    Enforcement    Regulation    Education    Filings    Newsroom     Newsroom    Press Releases    Public Statements    Speehes    Testimony     RSS Feeds    Press Releases    Public Statements    Speeches    Testimony     Social Media    @SEC_News    SEC Channel    SEC Photostream         Information for EDGAR Filers    About EDGAR    Quick EDGAR Tutorial    How To Search EDGAR    Company Filings Search    EDGAR Search Tools    Search EDGAR Comments    Preview Submissions    Filings and Forms    Forms List    Requesting Public Documents    Accessing EDGAR Data    SIC Codes    Contact Filer Support         Search SEC.gov          Company Filings | More Search Options              Other                                           Filings & Forms    All companies, foreign and domestic, are required to file registration statements, periodic reports, and other forms electronically through EDGAR. Anyone can access and download this information for free. Here you'll find links to a complete list of filings available through EDGAR and instructions for searching the EDGAR database.       Quick EDGAR Tutorial   Search for Company Filings   Descriptions of SEC Forms   SEC Forms List (PDF versions)   About EDGAR   Search EDGAR Comment Letters   Requesting Public Documents     Accessing EDGAR Data  EDGAR Indexes  Daily Indexes  Full and Quarterly Indexes    EDGAR Public Dissemination Service (PDS)   Filers: Preview Interactive Data Submissions   SIC Codes   Information for EDGAR Filers                Modified: Jan. 9, 2017            STAY CONNECTED  1  Twitter  2  Facebook  3 RSS  4 YouTube  5  Flickr   6 LinkedIn  7  Pinterest  8  Email Updates      Footer menu    Site Map    Accessibility    Contracts    Privacy    Inspector General    Agency Financial Report    Budget & Performance    Careers    Contact    FOIA    No FEAR Act & EEO Data    Whistleblower Protection    Votes    Open Government    Plain Writing    Links    Investor.gov    USA.gov             Return to Top                                            #^$ #^$asc.fasb.org codification#^$Skip to content                                          Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use have been updated. By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . Important notice regarding use of cookies: We have updated our Privacy Policy to reflect our use of cookies to collect and process data. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of cookies and similar technologies as described in our Privacy Policy . More about our use of cookies >> Cookies are text files containing small amounts of data which are downloaded to your computer, or other device, when you visit a website. We may use cookies to allow us to recognize your computer and deliver content tailored to your interests. We may also use information collected with cookies to statistically analyze usage of our website.  Some cookies may also be necessary for the technical operation of our website. Please read our Privacy Policy which provides important information about the cookies we may use, how we may use them, and how they can be deleted. Please remember that deleting or refusing cookies may affect your use of our website. Search              It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.   AuditorSearch     Menu    Standards          Standards   The PCAOB establishes auditing and related professional practice standards for registered public accounting firms to follow in the preparation and issuance of audit reports.        Standards      Standards & Rules    Auditing Standards  Ethics & Independence Rules  Quality Control Standards  Attestation Standards      Guidance    Guidance Related to Standards      Standards-Related Activities    Current & Recent Standard-Setting Activities  Staff Consultation Papers      Standing Advisory Group    Overview, Members, and Meetings      Related Information    About Standards & the Standard-Setting Process  Guidance on Economic Analysis in Standard Setting      Archives    Archived Standards and Guidance          Registration & Reporting          Registration and Reporting   Firms registered with the PCAOB range in size from sole proprietorships to large firms that are members of extensive global networks, made up of separately registered firms in multiple jurisdictions.        Registration & Reporting      Information for Firms    Registration Process  Annual Fees  Annual and Special Reporting      Information about Firms    Registered Firms  Firm Filings  Registration Disapproval Notices  Global Networks  Non-U.S. Registered Firms          Inspections          Inspections   Inspections assess registered firm compliance with applicable laws, rules and professional standards in the firms' systems of quality control and in the portions of audits selected for inspection.        Inspections      Information about Firms    Firm Inspection Reports  Firm Filings and Other Firm Information      Information about Inspections    Board General Reports and Statements  Staff Inspection Briefs      Scope of the PCAOB Inspection Program    Inspected Firms  Non-U.S. Firm Inspections      Remediation of Quality Control Criticisms    Staff Guidance Concerning the Remediation Process  Firms that Failed to Address QC Criticisms          Enforcement          Enforcement   The PCAOB uses its investigative authority to address serious audit deficiencies and uses its disciplinary authority to impose sanctions and penalties for those deficiencies.        Enforcement      Tips, Referrals, and Complaints    Tip & Referral Center  Submit a Tip or Referral      Board Enforcement Orders    Settled Disciplinary Orders  Adjudicated Final Board Disciplinary Actions  Termination of Bars      International Enforcement Developments    Non-U.S. Firm Enforcement  Non-U.S. Settled Disciplinary Orders          International          International   Non-U.S. public accounting firms that audit or play a substantial role in the audit of U.S. issuers, brokers and dealers are subject to oversight by the PCAOB.        International      International Cooperation    Cooperative Arrangements with Non-U.S. Regulators  PCAOB International Institute on Audit Regulation  IFIAR and Other International Organizations​      PCAOB Activities    Non-U.S. Firm Registration  Non-U.S. Firm Inspections  Non-U.S. Firm Enforcement      About Non-U.S. Firms    Non-U.S. Registered Firms  Global Networks          Economic & Risk Analysis          Economic & Risk Analysis   The PCAOB conducts economic and other research and analyses to inform and support PCAOB oversight programs.        Economic & Risk Analysis      Economic & Risk Analysis    Post-Implementation Review  Working Papers  Projects and Other Research  Conference on Auditing and Capital Markets  Economic Research Fellowships          Careers          Careers   With its mission to protect investors, the PCAOB offers the opportunity to provide tangible public service in collaboration with dedicated colleagues.        Careers      Search Jobs    Browse Job Openings      Join our Teams    Inspections  Enforcement and Investigations  Standards  Economic and Risk Analysis            Home PCAOB: Protecting Investors through Audit Oversight                 Protecting Investors Through Audit Oversight  The PCAOB oversees the audits of public companies and broker-dealers in order to protect investors and the public interest by promoting informative, accurate, and independent audit reports.  Learn more about PCAOB          PCAOB seeks public input on its 2018-2022 strategic planning | Complete the survey >        Explore AuditorSearch  Find out who leads and participates in public company audits     What Auditing Standards Must Firms Follow?  For planning, performing, and documenting audits        Find Out Who's Registered  View firms by city, state, or country     See Recent Inspection Reports  How are the auditors performing?     View Enforcement Activity  Some firms are sanctioned for violations      News  PCAOB Announces 2018 Forums on Auditing in the Small Business Environment and on Auditing Broker-Dealers April 10, 2018  Five New Members of the PCAOB Board Sworn Into Office   Chairman William D. Duhnke III Jan. 2, 2018  Board Member Kathleen M. Hamm Jan. 2, 2018  Board Member J. Robert Brown Feb. 1, 2018  Board Member James G. Kaiser March 1, 2018  Board Member Duane M. DesParte April 9, 2018   View all news releases.    Events  Forum on Auditing in the Small Business Environment May 31, 2018  Standing Advisory Group Meeting J une 5-6, 2018  View all events.  &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;                                                   About the PCAOB   Mission and Vision  The Board  Senior Staff  Advisory Groups  Administration  Internal Oversight     Newsroom   News Releases  Speeches & Statements  Events & PCAOB Meetings  Webcasts & Webinars  Forums & Public Outreach     Information For   Investors  Audit Committees  Auditors of Broker-Dealers  Educators & Students     Rules and Rulemaking   Rules of the Board  Rulemaking Docket       Learn about Form AP  PCAOB Careers  Comment Now  View or Submit Firm Filings  Submit a Tip or Referral  Contact the PCAOB        Contact PCAOB  Privacy Policy and Terms of Use     © Copyright 2003 – 2018 2017 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. All rights reserved. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and PCAOB are registered trademarks of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.     #^$                                            Account Login   Industry News         Search Box                   BUSINESSES   FMN Video Center Financial Management Network - Streaming Live Training   In-House Seminars Conferences Instructors   Blended Learning CPE Administration Services Learning Management System (LMS) Partnerships   INDIVIDUALS   Online Training   Financial Management Network - Online Self-Study SmartPros Advantage Nano Learning CPA Report CPA Report - Government/Not-for-Profit Demo Courses (FREE!)   Live Training   Seminars Conferences Instructors   FMN Video Center Webinars   Understanding the Effects of the New Tax Act (2018)     ABOUT US CONTACT US HELP   FAQs Privacy and Return Policies                                                                                              For Individuals   Courseware and Subscriptions for Individuals  SmartPros eCampus - Featuring over 2,000 professionally accredited off-the-shelf course titles and live seminar offerings for these core markets: Accounting & Finance  Financial Services  Technology  Live Seminars     Find Online Courses & Live Seminars                                   For Organizations eLearning Content and Technology for Corporations, Firms and Associations SmartPros offers a wide array of content, technologies and blended learning (online and live) solutions designed for corporations, firms and association resellers. We can deliver any combination of accredited continuing education program or corporate training program via eLearning courseware, Webinars, live seminars or custom course development...all via our award winning SmartPros eCampus Learning Management System! Learn More                                 What's New   Recent Announcements, Upcoming Live Events and Webinars    International Tax Withholding & Information Reporting Conference June 7-8, 2018  Interact with industry peers, top practitioners, and key government officials at the 30th annual forum. Sessions focus on practical operational solutions, not just on technical rules and issues.     Learn More                                                       About SmartPros Company Overview Established in 1981, SmartPros is a leading provider of accredited professional education and training to Fortune 500 companies, as well as the major firms and associations in its professional markets. Our combined subscription libraries feature more than 2,000 course titles covering subjects in the accounting, financial services, legal, engineering and information technology industries. SmartPros' content is delivered via its award-winning SmartPros eCampus™ Learning Management System (LMS), offering enterprise-wide distribution and administration capabilities for corporations and associations. What Our Clients Say About Us "We have enjoyed the SmartPros programs and have found the content to be an excellent learning tool, not only for current accounting and management issues, but also how these issues apply to our company and affect how our business is managed." - Debby Yaconetti, Lynden, Incorporated "Our group has greatly benefited from your content. The continuing education obtained from SmartPros not only serves to satisfy CPE reporting requirements, but I truly believe there is a substantial knowledge transfer through your monthly updates." - John F. Camm, PMI Food Equipment                            Returning Subscribers                      Login   Email/Username      Password       Forgot Password? Create an Account     - OR -  Need to register for a Username and password? Click here    Login                                   Advanced Designations  CFA®  CAIA®  FRM®  CFA Institute Investment Foundations™  JIA  Wealth Management  Behavioral Financial Advisor™  Wealth Management Specialist  Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA)    Kaplan Financial  Securities Licensing  Insurance Licensing  Insurance CE  CFP®  Professional Development  Finance & Accountancy  SmartPros  Loscalzo Institute  IT Training  Transcender    Wholesale Real Estate  Dearborn Real Estate Education  Kaplan Companies  Kaplan, Inc.  Kaplan University  Kaplan Test Prep  Kaplan Financial UK    Like us on Facebook  Connect with us on LinkedIn  Visit us on YouTube     Copyright © 2018 Kaplan, Inc.                    {1}     ##LOC[OK]##        {1}       ##LOC[OK]##  ##LOC[Cancel]##      {1}   ##LOC[OK]##  ##LOC[Cancel]##       #^$  Skip Navigation          Search         Reports & Testimonies  Bid Protests & Appropriations Law  Key Issues  About GAO  Careers  Multimedia   Resources   Presidential and Congressional Transition  For Congress  For Journalists  For Auditors  For Federal Managers  For Researchers  Center for Audit Excellence            Recently Issued »    REPORTS & TESTIMONIES  LEGAL DECISIONS   Scroll up Top   Apr 18, 2018         2020 Census:  Continued Management Attention Needed to Mitigate Key Risks Jeopardizing a Cost-Effective and Secure Enumeration   GAO-18-416T: Published: Apr 18, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 18, 2018.            Gas Pipeline Safety:  Stakeholders' and Officials' Views on Federal Odorizing Requirements   GAO-18-409: Published: Apr 18, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 18, 2018.            Immigration Courts:  Observations on Restructuring Options and Actions Needed to Address Long-Standing Management Challenges   GAO-18-469T: Published: Apr 18, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 18, 2018.            Immigration Detention:  Opportunities Exist to Improve Cost Estimates   GAO-18-343: Published: Apr 18, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 18, 2018.            KC-46 Tanker Modernization:  Program Cost Is Stable, but Schedule May Be Further Delayed   GAO-18-353: Published: Apr 18, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 18, 2018.         Podcast     Food Safety:  USDA Should Take Further Action to Reduce Pathogens in Meat and Poultry Products   GAO-18-272: Published: Mar 19, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 18, 2018.      Apr 17, 2018         Amphibious Combat Vehicle:  Program Should Take Steps to Ensure Manufacturing Readiness   GAO-18-364: Published: Apr 17, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 17, 2018.            CIVILIAN AND CONTRACTOR WORKFORCES:  DOD's Cost Comparisons Addressed Most Report Elements but Excluded Some Costs   GAO-18-399: Published: Apr 17, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 17, 2018.            Higher Education:  Characteristics of Graduate PLUS Borrowers   GAO-18-392R: Published: Apr 17, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 17, 2018.            Management Report:  Improvements Needed in the Bureau of the Fiscal Service's Information System Controls   GAO-18-332R: Published: Apr 17, 2018. Publicly Released: Apr 17, 2018.         Apr 18, 2018        PiperCoughlin, LLC   We deny the protest.  B-414352.2          Monterey Consultants, Inc.   We deny the request.  B-414761.6     Apr 17, 2018        AeroSage, LLC   We dismiss in part and deny in part the protests.  B-415893,B-415894     Apr 16, 2018        U.S. Environmental Protection Agency--Installation of Soundproof Privacy Booth   B-329603     Apr 13, 2018        Crosstown Courier Service, Inc.   We deny the protest.  B-415818     Apr 12, 2018        Land Shark Shredding, LLC   We deny the protest.  B-415908          IBM Corporation   We deny the protest in part, and dismiss the procurement integrity allegations as premature.  B-415798     Apr 11, 2018        HESCO Bastion Ltd.--Costs   We grant the request.  B-415526.3     Apr 9, 2018        Grove Resource Solutions, Inc.   We deny the protest.  B-414746.2          Global Asset Technology, LLC   We deny the protest.  B-415860,B-415860.2       Scroll down Top     Trending Now: Most viewed, downloaded, and shared      Substance Use Disorder:  Information on Recovery Housing Prevalence, Selected States' Oversight, and Funding  GAO-18-315 Published: Mar 22, 2018.
        Publicly Released: Apr 17, 2018.      U.S. Environmental Protection Agency--Installation of Soundproof Privacy Booth  B-329603 Apr 16, 2018.      Higher Education:  Characteristics of Graduate PLUS Borrowers  GAO-18-392R Published: Apr 17, 2018.
        Publicly Released: Apr 17, 2018.      CIVILIAN AND CONTRACTOR WORKFORCES:  DOD's Cost Comparisons Addressed Most Report Elements but Excluded Some Costs  GAO-18-399 Published: Apr 17, 2018.
        Publicly Released: Apr 17, 2018.      Management Report:  Improvements Needed in the Bureau of the Fiscal Service's Information System Controls  GAO-18-332R Published: Apr 17, 2018.
        Publicly Released: Apr 17, 2018.             Our disaster assistance collection highlights the challenges the federal government faces in responding to disasters. Prev Next 1 2 3 4 5  Our disaster assistance collection highlights the challenges the federal government faces in responding to disasters. GAO Again Named One of the "Best Places to Work" Check out our Retirement Security collection to learn about how debt, healthcare costs, and Social Security uncertainty affects retirees.  Our 2017 report identifies 29 new areas where federal agencies could achieve greater efficency or effectiveness. Explore GAO's 2017 High Risk List to learn about federal programs at high risk for waste, fraud & abuse.         Comptroller General  Gene L. Dodaro         Stay Connected »    Facebook   Twitter   Reports  Legal    Linkedin  YouTube  Flickr  RSS feeds  Blog  Podcasts  Widgets  E-mail          Podcasts »    Reducing Pathogens in Meat and Poultry    Click here to play podcast     Transcript   More podcasts  5:38             Watchblog  Following the Federal Dollar          Center for Audit Excellence            Featured Issues       Programs and agencies needing continued attention     A big-picture look at the nation's fiscal condition     Challenges to effective government response     Issues affecting retirement in the United States     Changes that could improve efficiency or decrease costs     Analysis of critical innovations                 Quick Links   GAO Launches New Web-Based Bid Protest Filing System From Harnessing Science and Tech to Funding the Nation: GAO Identifies 8 Key Trends as Part of New Strategic Plan GAO Adds Government-wide Personnel Security Clearance Process to "High Risk List" GAO Again Named one of the "Best Places to Work"  Performance & Accountability Report  Scam Alerts  Health Care Advisory Committees  GAO Inspector General     The Yellow Book  Government Auditing Standards     Report Federal Fraud, Waste, and Abuse    The Red Book  Federal Appropriations Law    The Green Book  Standards for Internal Controls                      Facebook    @usgao  @usgaolegal    LinkedIn  YouTube  Flickr  RSS feeds  Blog  Podcasts  Widgets  E-mail  Stay connected         Reports & Testimonies   Browse By Date  Browse By Topic  Browse By Agency  Restricted Products  Open Recommendations Database      Bid Protests & Appropriations Law   Bid Protests  Appropriations Law  Other Legal Functions  Other Legal Resources  Red Book      Key Issues   Browse By Topic  Browse By Agency      About GAO   Comptroller General  E-mail Updates  Location  Workforce  Products and Services  History  Health Care Advisory Committees  FOIA  No Fear Act Data  FraudNet: Reporting Fraud      Careers   Current Job Vacancies  Apply for Jobs  Career Paths  Benefits  Student and Executive Programs  Diversity & Inclusion      Multimedia   Video Gallery  Podcast Gallery      Resources   Presidential and Congressional Transition  For Congress  For Journalists  For Auditors  For Federal Managers  For Researchers  Center for Audit Excellence        ACCOUNTABILITY ★ INTEGRITY ★ RELIABILITY    Privacy Policy  Ordering GAO Publications  Contact GAO  Site Map  Help       #^$  About Services Testimonials Connect Useful Links Client Payment Staff Login More 206.264.5435  ACCOUNT SERVICES, INC. © 2017 by Account Services, Inc We are a Seattle area accounting and bookkeeping services provider. We provide practical accounting and bookkeeping support services at efficient rates for small and mid-sized businesses.    Services are uniquely suited for smaller corporations, LLC's, partnerships, individual entrepreneurs, and non-profit entities.    Services are provided through remote access and on site as needed.    We have a depth of experience in many types of industries.  ​  ​  ​  We Mean  Accountable  Business! Accounting, Bookkeeping and Payroll Services for your Businesses  #^$       SAVE $400 on Wiley Platinum & FREE iPAD - Hurry Deal Ends 4/19!   Get COUPON Now!         Skip to content         Best CPA Review Courses  Course Reviews   Wiley CPAexcel  Roger CPA  Yaeger CPA  Gleim CPA  Fast Forward Academy  Surgent CPA  Becker CPA  CPAexcel vs Becker  Roger CPA vs CPAexcel  Wiley CPA vs Gleim  Yaeger vs Roger    Discounts  CPA Blog  About           CPA Exam Review Home    AIS-CPA is dedicated to helping you take control of your CPA study process and pass the CPA exam your first try. There are so many people out there who say that you need to give up your social life and put everything on hold in order to study for the CPA exam. That might have been true for them, but it doesn’t have to be for you. It’s not that these people aren’t smart; they just went about studying the wrong way.  I know because I started studying the same way. It wasn’t until I took a step back and analyzed my study process that I figured out how to prepare for the exam without killing myself. By getting the right CPA review materials for my learning style and implementing smart study strategies, I was able to pass the CPA exam on your first try. You can too. You also won’t go crazy doing it.  The first step to passing the exam is to pick out the right CPA study materials. I’ve tested and reviewed all of the top review courses out there. I noted the pros and cons of each, so you can narrow down your search and see which one will help you the most. Here are the top three that I reviewed.   CPA Course Reviews  Wiley CPAexcel  Wiley CPAexcel is the best CPA review course in my opinion. It has everything you need to pass the exam and more. Its materials are broken down into smaller sections, so candidates can spend less time studying each topic. This is perfect for people who don’t have time to spend studying 4 hours each night. Or people who just want a life.  See our review of Wiley CPAexcel   Roger CPA Review  Roger is an excellent course for people who are sick of listening to boring accounting lectures and want something more engaging to study with. The Roger method is upbeat, lively, and energetic. It’s great for visual and auditory learners who want to stay awake during their study time.  See our review of Roger CPA   Gleim CPA Review  Gleim is a time-tested review course that provides tons of detail in each lesson. Candidates who have been out of school for a while or aren’t familiar with a lot of the topics on the exam will love this course. It explains concepts in great detail with tons of examples. It’s also great for international students .  See our review of Gleim CPA   Other Reviews  Surgent – Becker – Fast Forward Academy – Yaeger – CPAexcel vs Becker   Common CPA Exam Questions  What are the Requirements to Take the CPA Exam?  The requirements to sit for the CPA examination are set by individual state jurisdictions. Thus, the requirements vary from state to state. Each state has slightly different rules, but most require candidates to have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent to sit for the exam.   Why Should I Become a CPA?  Becoming a CPA is the highest professional achievement in the accounting profession. Certified public accountants are the crème de la crème. They are the best at what they do and are respected as such. Plus, a certified accounting will typically earn at least $1,000,000 more than his or her non-certified counterpart throughout their careers.  Here are some more reasons.   Where Do I Apply for the CPA Exam?  Applying for the exam is overly complicated. There are numerous steps to applying for the exam. First, you will need to submit your transcripts and application to your state board for approval. Once you are approved, you can apply for your notice to schedule (NTS). After you have your NTS in hand, you will be able to schedule your exam.  CPA Exam Application Information   How Do I Schedule my Exam Date?  Scheduling your exam is a little complicated. The first step is to get your NTS. This gives you 6 months to schedule an exam date with a Prometic testing center. If you don’t schedule within that time, your NTS will expire and you will have to pay more fees.  Here’s some more scheduling information.   What’s on the CPA Exam?  The CPA exam consists of four parts: FAR, REG, AUD, and BEC. Each section covers different topics and materials.  FAR : Financial Accounting and Reporting  REG : Business Regulations and Taxation  AUD : Auditing  BEC : Business Environment Concepts  CPA Exam Section Information   What is the Format of the CPA Exam?  The exam format is slightly different for each section. All sections include several testlets of multiple-choice questions followed by a series of task-based simulations. The BEC section also includes a written component where candidates display their communication skills.  More info about the new 2017 CPA Exam Blueprints   How Do I Study for the CPA Exam?  Studying for the exam is no easy process, but it doesn’t have to take over your life. If you are smart about how you study, you will be able to cut tons of hours off your weekly regiment. The key is focus and analysis. Know what you are studying and why. Don’t simply study for the sake of studying.  CPA Study Guide Information   How Long Should I Study for FAR, AUD, BEC, REG?  The amount of time you study for each section will vary because it depends on how familiar you are with the topics. Let’s face it. Some people are just freaks and remember every single tax code they’ve ever read. These people won’t have to study for REG nearly as much as they will have to study for AUD. It’s not about how long you study, it’s about understanding what you know and knowing when you can move on and not study any longer.   What are the Best CPA Exam Study Tips?  There are numerous CPA study tips that will help you remember topics and concepts and shave time off your study schedule. One of the biggest ones is to work with your CPA books. Don’t work against your review course. If it is set up to work a certain way, just follow it. If that system doesn’t work for you, it’s probably the wrong review course for you.  CPA Study Tips and Tricks   Which CPA Exam Section Should I Take First?  There is no right or wrong part of the exam to take first. Many people think because BEC is shorter that this section is the “best” one to take first. This isn’t true. Everyone should take the exam in an order that fits their understanding and knowledge of the topics.  See more about what section you should take first.   What is the Best CPA Review Course?  There isn’t a single CPA review course that is the best. There are several companies that make great study guides, books, and review materials. Each of them is different and work well for different people. The important thing is that you find the right one that fits you and your learning style.  See more about what review course you should purchase.   Should I Use a Cram Course or Final Review?  A lot of people are concerned about cram courses and final review programs. This is an important part of the studying process, but it is not the most important part. You won’t be successful by cramming a week before the exam. Thinking about your study process more globally will help. Also, yes, you should get a cram course .   What CPA Books and Video Lectures are Best?  Again, there are several different company making books and lectures. It’s important to look at your learning style to see which ones will fit you better rather than comparing company A to company B.  See more info about CPA Books and CPA lectures .          CPA EXAM  Exam Costs  Exam Schedule & Dates  Application Process  Exam Sections  Pass Rates  Score Release Dates  International Candidates  Glossary   CPA Videos   CPA Exam Books     TOP REVIEW COURSES  Best Review Courses  Wiley CPAexcel  Roger CPA  Yaeger CPA  Gleim CPA  Fast Forward Academy  Surgent CPA  Becker CPA  CPAexcel vs Becker  Roger vs CPAexcel  Wiley CPA vs Gleim  Yaeger vs Roger   CPA TOPICS  CPA Careers  CPA Exam  CPA Exam Study Tips  Study Guide Reviews      See Top 7 Review Courses             Copyright© 2018 - All Rights Reserved | Accounting Institute for Success - AIS-CPA.com | Privacy Terms & Disclosure                #^$ Cookie Control Cookie Control This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are essential to make our site work and others help us to improve by giving us some insight into how the site is being used. These cookies are set when you submit a form, login or interact with the site by doing something that goes beyond clicking some simple links. We also use some non-essential cookies to anonymously track visitors or enhance your experience of this site. If you're not happy with this, we won't set these cookies but some nice features on the site may be unavailable. To control third party cookies, you can also adjust your browser settings. By using our site you accept the terms of our Cookie Policy . Cookies are on (One cookie will be set to store your preference) Do not ask me again (Ticking this sets a cookie to hide this popup if you then hit close. This will not store any personal information) about this tool About Cookie Control Close read more                                                                       Site Navigation                 Welcome        News      Reviews      Jobs        Job Posting Guide      Events      Journals        Journal Article Search     AAAJ Offer - latest articles        AAAJ Offer Vol 24 iss 1-4     AAAJ Offer Vol 23 iss 1-4     AAAJ Offer Vol 22 iss 5-8     AAAJ Offer Vol 22 iss 1-4     AAAJ Offer Vol 21 iss 5-8     AAAJ Offer Vol 21 iss 1-4       Links     Library      Book of the Week Archive      Bookstores        US Store     European Store     Global Store      My Account     Help                           Login                 Email:     Password:    Keep me signed in on this computer unless I sign out.  Login     Register    Forgotten your password?                            Welcome   Welcome to the AccountingEducation.com community .  With regret, we announce that this web community is no longer being actively developed - with effect from September 2016. After over 17 years we have decided to cease to build this site, and its community, further. No further updates to this site will be made, nor will its newsletter, Double Entries, be distributed. This website will be maintained in its current form for the immediate future so that the large resource base we have created can continue to be of use to the community, however, this is likely to disappear at some point so please do not rely on its continued presence in anyway. We can not guarantee when this will stop being available at this point. If you would like to keep up with accounting education news as we used to feature here, do please follow us on our continuing Twitter feed @DoubleEntries - see link to the right of this notice. Thank you for your support over the many years we have been operating and we do hope to see you in 'Twitterspace'.      Latest News There are no news articles currently available for you to view. Register with Accounting Education to gain access to more information and articles. If you are already a registered Partner of Accounting Education, you could log in and try the Advanced Search to find what you're looking for.   Adverts:        Put your accounting knowledge to the test by exploring free online accounting software .            Twitter Do you follow us on Twitter?             Member Offers   GET STARTED ON YOUR 2016 CPD! To help you get started on your CPD for 2016, accountingcpd.net is offering 20 hours of online CPD for £262.50 (+ VAT). Pick any five 4-hour CPD courses from their site to create a CPD bundle that is relevant to you. There are over 100 courses to choose in topics ranging from technical, regulatory and soft skilled courses.  Get your discount here with promo code ACED20 . accountingcpd.net, from Nelson Croom, is an online resource for high quality accounting CPD that meets the requirements of all IFAC affiliated accounting bodies.                   Book of the Week                        Bookkeeping for Small Businesses by Andy Lymer                              Latest event                        XRB SEMINAR WITH WARREN MCGREGOR  14 March 2013 ( 4.30 - 6.00 pm ) Seminar with Warren McGregor
 
The XRB, in conjunction with the Centre for Governance, Accounting and Taxation Research at Victoria University of Wellington, is pleased to host a seminar by Professor Warren McGregor. The seminar topic is "My time at the IASB and challenges for the future - a conversation with Warren McGregor".... Event added 24/02/13                              Latest Library Item                     Call for papers for QRAM - Family Business and Management Accounting and Control systems  31 January 2016   Author(s): Hanno Roberts  Type: Academic papers (complete)  Family Business and Management Accounting and Control systems - Special issue call for papers from Qualitative Research in Accounting & Management                             Latest Link                        IFRS Research Centre  03 May 2014 The IFRS Research Centre is an initiative of the IASB that is designed to support the establishment of a dedicated research capability that will draw upon a combination of internal and external intellectual resources, including the engagement of the academic community.                                                   © 1999 - 2006 AE Accounting Education - Email: info@accountingeducation.com  Cookie Policy                                 #^$       Home   About us  Services   e Tax Reporting  Commercial Real Estate  Residential Real Estate  Personal Property  Tax Administration    Case Results   Multi-Family  Commercial  Single Family Homes  Protested Property Hearing Results    Resources   FAQ's  Legal Update  Tax Links  Forms  Tax Calendar    Contact Us   Payment Options  Sign Up     Select Language ​ ▼          eTAX REPORTING  Client login:   Username:  Password:            Guaranteed results or you don’t pay. No fixed fee. 35% contingency on residential, 25% on commercial.   Know someone who could benefit
    from a reduction in property taxes?   Sample the kind of reports you’ll have access to … 24/7.   We offer multiple payment options for your convenience.   Change your contact information, property information, ownership, etc. on an existing property.   New or existing clients can add a property.    Let us reduce your property taxes.  Understanding property tax assessments and making sure you pay the least possible amount is our top priority. Simply put, if we don’t lower your property taxes, you don’t pay us a thing.  From commercial and residential real estate tax to personal property tax , to tax administration and more , our tax consultants are trained and ready to reduce your property taxes and deliver the lowest tax assessment allowed by law. With an array of online and offline services designed to help cut your taxes, we work hard so you can rest easy.  We are experts in tax assessment analysis, appraisal, challenge and most importantly, property tax reduction. With more than a dozen years in the property tax consulting business, and a proprietary online tax reporting system featuring 24/7 secure access to your tax data, our results – and thousands of satisfied customers – speak for themselves.  Get the peace of mind you deserve. Start saving with Advaloremtax .net today . No fixed fee. 35% contingency on residential, 25% on commercial.     Property tax specialists in:  Office buildings  Retail centers  Warehouses  Apartments  Manufacturing plants  Industrial plants  Residential  Hotels  Recreational resorts  Commercial centers  Development lands  Vacant land  Rights of way             Was your home damaged during Hurricane Harvey?  Click here for more information about tax bill assistance by county, and to fill out our damage questionnaire.  NEW DEADLINE FOR PROTESTING PROPERTY TAXES  PLEASE NOTE: The tax code recently changed and the new deadline to file a protest is May 15th .    CLIENTS: ANY CHANGES TO THE STATUS OF YOUR PROPERTY?  Click here to update your information including address, phone numbers, contact person, owner, etc.  Stay up to date on the latest property tax news and deadlines:      Sign up for our Newsletter         Email:                 Follow us:    Share           Copyright © 2000-2018 Advaloremtax.net. All rights reserved. This firm is not a CPA firm.  Site Map | Privacy Policy | Contact Us    Original text Contribute a better translation #^$        Providing Onsite Accounting and bookkeeping services in North San Diego County, Remote Service Nationwide | Info@AdvantEdgeOnline.com         p. 760-722-6839   f. 760-722-3376                   About T.E.A.M. Testimonials Accounting Services Bookkeeping Corporate CFO Software Services QuickBooks® Sage 100 FAQ Blog DIY Tutorials Contact            Go to...  About T.E.A.M. Testimonials Accounting Services Bookkeeping Corporate CFO Software Services QuickBooks® Sage 100 FAQ Blog DIY Tutorials Contact              Homepage    Jodi Ryan    2016-09-02T09:59:03+00:00    Small to mid-sized business bookkeeping and software support in North San Diego County and nationwide. AdvantEdge Accounting Solutions is a bookkeeping, accounting and accounting software consulting firm, located in Oceanside, CA. We specialize in helping small businesses who are having various challenges with their accounting.  Today’s small to mid-sized business owners did not become entrepreneurs to get bogged down doing accounting! We know you began your company because you had a passion for your industry. However, the reality is, in order to thrive in today’s marketplace, you absolutely have to know your numbers! More importantly, you have to understand what they are telling you!  TEAM AdvantEdge to the rescue! We will provide T raining, E ducation, A ssessment, and M anagement services, as needed, to help you thrive!  Learn more Give your business an “edge” with T.E.A.M. AdvantEdge! Learn more about how our “T.E.A.M.” approach can help your small business. Learn more North San Diego County Accounting Solutions Accounting Services Onsite or remote bookkeeping, Corporate CFO services and more. Software Services Quickbooks desktop, Quickbooks online, and Sage 100 ERP certified services. “Jodi is a rockstar. If you want someone that knows accounting, knows QuickBooks, and knows how to smack your financials into shape – she is the best!!!” James Hedgecock , Bounce Composites, LLC. “They are extremely knowledgeable with QuickBooks, continuously displaying their expertise with the software, and have assisted training our organization since 2013. Jodi and her team are dedicated, passionate about customer support, and awesome to work with…Five Stars!” Rick Long, CFO , Curtis Drilling “We have found Jodi (and our assigned bookkeeper Mary) to be reliable, knowledgeable and accommodating. Jodi was able to shave hours off our monthly invoicing procedures…” Scott Ferrell, CEO , Aquatic Design Group              Categories DIY Tutorials  Entrepreneurs  Human Resources  Press Releases  Tax Alerts  Tips & Tricks QuickBooks  Tips & Tricks QuickBooks Online  Tips & Tricks Sage 100 ERP  Webinars         Recent Blog Posts    Get Paid Faster Using QuickBooks    Creating Product and Service Records in QuickBooks Online    Tracking Time in QuickBooks, Part 2                   AdvantEdge Accounting Solutions   2125 S. El Camino Real #104 Oceanside CA 92054  p. (760) 722-6839 • f.  (760) 722-3376  Info@AdvantEdgeOnline.com     Remote Login               © 2018 AdvantEdge Accounting Solutions | All Rights Reserved :: WordPress web designer Chad Intuit and QuickBooks are trademarks and service marks of Intuit Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.                      Go to Top#^$    Click an icon to join the AECM group on Facebook or LinkedIn.      Subscribe , Unsubscribe , Change Subscription Settings , Post , Get Archives ,   LISTSERV Help       DESCRIPTION : AECM is an email, Listserv list which provides a forum for discussions of all
  hardware and software which can be useful in any way for accounting education
  at the college/university level . Hardware
  includes all platforms and peripherals. Software includes spreadsheets,
  practice sets, multimedia authoring and presentation packages, data base
  programs, tax packages, World Wide Web applications, etc. The American
  Accounting Association (AAA) serves as the host to the list
  which was established in February, 1994. It was the first organized
  presence for the accounting profession on the Internet and was
  hosted by Loyola University Maryland from its inception until October
  14, 2011. Over 1,000 subscribers from more than 30 countries have
  participated in the forum.   AECM provides an unmoderated environment where issues, questions,
  comments, ideas, and uses of educational accounting software and related
  hardware can be freely discussed. As is the case on all unmoderated lists,
  the topics and discussions are limited only by the imagination and interest
  of its  subscribers.  Members are welcome to take an active role
  by posting to AECM or an inactive role by monitoring the list.  Unlike
  many lists which suggest that new subscribers introduce themselves to the
  group, we believe that such postings are primarily social and not appropriate
  for this list.  Subscribers can choose either the Web or email list
  interface as explained below.   This list was conceived to bring together accounting faculty, authors,
  developers, publishers and others with an interest in using computers and
  multimedia in accounting education. (If
  you are a student, please click here .) Subscribers are encouraged to ask questions, share ideas and information, and
  discuss the good and bad experiences they have had with various educational
  accounting software and hardware products.  Please try to be creative,
  innovative, and open minded .              POSSIBLE TOPICS INCLUDE :    Notable software/
       hardware, as well as inferior products one should avoid   Notable World Wide
       Web sites   Information about
       related conferences, workshops and seminars   A discussion of
       articles, books, etc. which subscribers have found stimulating and
       worthwhile  "In what
       direction is educational accounting software evolving?"  "What's the
       best software to use for my [blank] course/project?"  "Has anyone
       tried [blank] software? What was your experience?"   "How can I get
       [product] to do [function]?"  "Has anyone
       seen anything on the Web about [blank]? Where?               HOW TO SUBSCRIBE : The computer handles all subscription requests automatically. If you have
  more than one e-mail account, be sure to subscribe from the one from which
  you will post messages to AECM. Otherwise, you will be unable to post to the
  list.   To subscribe via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?REPORT&z=3&s=0&9=O&a=1 . Then: click the box beside AECM under List Names; click the dropdown box on the blue line
  at the bottom; select “Subscribe” and click “Submit.” Finally, follow the instructions
  on the screen.   To subscribe via email, send the following message to Listserv@Listserv.AAAHQ.org :  [you
  can leave the subject line blank]   SUBSCRIBE  AECM your_first_name  your_last_name ,
  employer   [Example: SUBSCRIBE AECM Bill Gates, Microsoft]  After using either subscription request approach, you
  will receive email with the subject "Command confirmation request"
  followed by a number in parentheses. The message will explain that you have
  48 hours to confirm your subscription request by replying with an
  "OK" message or clicking on a link. If you do not confirm within 48
  hours, you will need to start over. This feature is designed to prevent
  someone from subscribing others to the list without their consent.    HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE :  To unsubscribe from AECM
  via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?REPORT&z=3&s=0&9=O&a=1 . Then: click the box beside AECM under List Names; click the dropdown box on the blue line
  at the bottom; select “Unsubscribe” and click “Submit.” Finally, follow the
  instructions on the screen.  To unsubscribe from AECM
  via email, send mail to Listserv@Listserv.AAAHQ.org and in the body of the message put only the command: UNSUBSCRIBE AECM ( Note that you don't need to give a subscription
  name or address.) If the above procedure does not work, it is probably
  because your address has changed since you subscribed and your
  are continuing to receive posts because your mail system is forwarding
  them. Such forwarding often happens without the person being aware of it. In
  such cases, you must mail the list owner and request that
  your subscription be manually removed.  Another alternative is to  try this . J  HOW TO CHANGE SUBSCRIPTION SETTINGS :  You can change your subscription type to digest or
  index mode. (Either mode is an excellent option if you plan to just " lurk ".) You
  can also temporarily or permanently disable mail delivery. By permanently
  disabling deliver, you can effectively turn the listserv ("push"
  technology) into a bulletin board ("pull" technology). With this
  approach, you can use the Web to read the post archives without receiving
  posts via email. You can also use this approach to make posts.   In digest mode you will receive a maximum of one large post each day. You
  must first subscribe in "normal" mode where you receive each
  message as it is posted. You can then modify your subscription. As an
  alternative to digest mode, you can use index mode where you receive only one
  posting each day which contains an index of subject topics for all messages
  posted during that day. You can then retrieve the messages with subjects of
  interest to you from the archives.  To change subscription settings via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?REPORT&z=3&s=0&9=O&a=1 and click “[Settings]” beside AECM under List Names and follow the
  instructions.  To change subscription settings via email, sending to Listserv@Listserv.AAAHQ.org and in the body of the message putting only the command: SET  AECM 
  DIGEST or SET  AECM  INDEX . (Note
  that you don't need to give a subscription name or address.) If you are
  subscribed in digest mode, you should never use the "reply" command
  to respond to a post. To do so will cause the subject to show that you are
  replying to an "AECM Digest" for a particular date and won't make
  any sense to anyone. It will also destroy the discussion thread. Instead of
  using reply, You should manually enter the subject to which you are
  responding prefaced by RE :.  HOW TO POST A MESSAGE :  To post a message via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?REPORT&z=3&s=0&9=O&a=1 and click “[Post]” beside AECM under List Names and follow the instructions.    To post a message via email, send to:  AECM@Listserv.AAAHQ.org .   Only subscribers can post to the list. All messages sent to the list
  will be automatically forwarded to all subscribers who have not disabled
  delivery. Your mail program configuration will determine how you should reply
  should you choose to do so. With most mail programs, if you reply to a
  question, observation, etc. using the reply command, your response will be
  automatically forwarded to all subscribers. If you wish to respond privately
  to the original sender, you must make sure that your mailer is sending it
  only to their address.   HOW TO GET ARCHIVED POSTS :   To review archived posts via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?HOME and, if the Options box on the right shows a "Log in" link, click
  on it and log in. Then, click on AECM under "List Name" on the blue
  bar.  HOW TO GET HELP : This list/group/forum uses LISTSERV® software and runs on a AAA server. For complete information about how to participate in a LISTSERV
  list, see L-Soft's LISTSERV 16.0 List Subscriber's Manual in either the HTML or PDF format at http://www.lsoft.com/resources/manuals.asp .     Questions or comments regarding
this list should be addressed to its owner,   Barry Rice at BRice@Loyola.edu    Another accounting list run
by the same owner is CPAS-L                    #^$  Website Under Maintenance  Our Website is currently undergoing scheduled maintenance. Please check back soon.  #^$  #^$               HOME    CPA LINKS    Blog    About                     CPA EXAM INSTA        CEC+ FALL PROMO        CPA ZONE                       ACCOUNTING ZONE Four Ways Accountants Can Make the Most of Their Office Layout A Millennial’s Guide to Public Accounting Accounting 101: The Accounting Formula   CPA EXAM CLUB - FAR Government Accounting Simulation with Journal Entries (FAR 1:00:44) Not for Profit MCQs (FAR 7:51) Cost and Equity Method Investments (FAR 45:53) Types of Bonds (FAR 9:29)   CPA EXAM CLUB - BEC Flexible Budgeting (BEC 12:33) Enterprise Risk Management Simulation (BEC 27:51) PERT or CPM - What's the Difference? (BEC 2:42) Capital Budgeting (BEC 55:01)     CPA ZONE 15 Retakes - Don't Give Up! CPA Exam Mistake #2: Not Doing Enough MCQs and Simulations Do You Ever Feel Truly Prepared? How To Completely Bomb the CPA Exam in Five Easy Steps   CPA EXAM CLUB - AUD Internal Control: Audit Objectives and Components (AUD 4:14) Audit Risk Model (AUD 11:01) Audit Simulation Audit vs Review vs Compilation vs Preparation. (AUD 29:21) A Strategy for Answering Subsequent Event Questions (AUD 12:27)     CPA EXAM NEWS Yaeger Walkthrough: AICPA REG Simulation Walkthrough AICPA Webcast: The Essential Guide to the CPA Exam Blueprints Yaeger Webinar: How to Pass the CPA Exam with Phil Yaeger Yaeger CPA Review Announces New Instructor Lineup for 2018   CPA EXAM CLUB - REG C and S Corp Distributions and Section 351 Refresher (REG :) Tax Basis of Property Acquired by Gift (REG 7:07) Overview of a Partnership Tax Return and K-1 forms (REG 52:09) 1. Contracts: Introduction to Contracts (REG 7:57)                  GLEIM CPA REVIEW         100 video hours 13,500 questions & sims 450 bite-sized lessons     GLEIM CPA REVIEW      10% DISCOUNT CPA REVIEW SYSTEMS              DEMO SIGN UP              FREE STUDY GUIDE                         cpanet  CPAnet Accounting Zone ​ CPA Links CPAnet Forum 1.0 ​CPAnet Forum 2.0 CPA Blogger    cpa exam ​network  CPA Exam Club 1.0 CPA Exam Club 2.0 CPA Exam Club Plus CEC Facebook Study Groups CPA Exam Expo CPA Exam News CPA Zone         info  About Contact FAQ Terms of Use        © COPYRIGHT 1996-2017 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.                 HOME    CPA LINKS    Blog    About                    ✕   #^$ #^$Core Website Online Tax Organizer Tools and Resources Mailing List Manager Monthly Client Newsletter Financial Guidance Center Interactive Center Overview What They're Saying Advisory Board Writers & Editors Contact Us                       April 19, 2018          Home        Solutions        FAQs        Pricing        Support        About Us        Subscribers                            Try any CompleteSite Interactive Solution FREE for 30 days               From the founders of 'Practical Accountant' and 'Accounting Technology' magazines             CompleteSite Interactive offers a full suite of essential online resources for both clients and staff that can be seamlessly integrated into any existing Website or into a FREE customizable Website created in our easy-to-use online SiteBuilder.              View a live Website with all of the CompleteSite Interactive solutions             Subscriber Login  Username       Password         Forgotten your password?               NEW!  Online Tax Organizer  Collect, share and utilize your clients' tax data safely and securely through your Website and much more.             Core Website  Includes five customizable pages profiling your firm: Welcome, Firm Profile, Client Services, Firm Notes and Contact Us.     Financial Guidance Center  Nearly 3,000 pages of financial guidance content, designed to increase engagements and attract new clients.           Tools & Resources  Add tax tools, financial calculators, business tools, current news and more to your Website.     Interactive Center  Includes Firm and Client Interactive modules, featuring our Document Manager, Software Applications page, PIM applications and much more.           Monthly Client Newsletter  Build client loyalty with our Monthly Newsletter, filled with helpful tips and the latest tax developments.     Mailing List Manager  Build and manage a mailing list to send HTML emails to your clients. Includes a "Join Our Mailing List" opt-in box for your homepage.                    CPA Websites by CPASiteSolutions © Copyright 2009. All rights reserved.  Privacy Policy    #^$              877-968-0600 Call  Pricing  Blog  Contact us  Trust  Sign in           Search form   Search intacct.com                                     Products         Core Financials         Accounts Payable    Accounts Receivable    Cash Management    Collaborate    General Ledger    Order Management    Purchasing    Reporting and Dashboards    Pricing                 Additional Modules         Contract and Subscription Billing    Contract Revenue Management    Fixed Assets    Inventory Management    Multi-Entity and Global Consolidations    Project Accounting         Project Billing           Sales and Use Tax    Time and Expense Management    Vendor Payment Services                 Extending Your Financials         Configuration    Integrating Salesforce    Integration    Platform                  Why Sage Intacct         For Your Industry         Accounting Firms    Financial Services         Single Family Offices    Multi-Family Offices    Wealth Management Firms    Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)    Private Equity Firms    Asset Management Firms    Venture Capital Firms           Franchise    Healthcare    Hospitality          Nonprofits         Faith-based Organizations    Educational Nonprofit Organizations    Membership Organizations    Health & Human Services Organizations    Philanthropic Organizations    International Nonprofits and NGOs           Professional Services         Digital Marketing and Advertising Agencies    IT Consulting    Professional Employer Organizations (PEOs)           Software and SaaS         SaaS Metrics & Digital Board Book           Wholesale Distribution                 Why We're Different         Built for Finance    Built for Growth    Built for Cloud    Built for Success    Built for Public Companies                 Why We're Better         Considering Oracle NetSuite?    Considering Microsoft?    Replacing Abila MIP    Outgrowing QuickBooks    Read Sage Intacct Reviews                                 Customers         Customer Success Stories    Customer Videos    Customer for Life          Recommend Sage Intacct                          Services         Professional Services    Training    Customer for Life          Support    Community    Customer Meetups    User Groups                          Partners         Value Added Resellers         Find a Sage Intacct VAR           Outsourcing Partners         Find a Sage Intacct Accountants Program Partner                 Marketplace Partners         Sage Intacct Marketplace    Developer Community           Partner Press Center         Partner Press Releases    Partner Events    Partner Success Stories                 Become a Partner         Value Added Reseller Program    Outsourcing Partner Program    Marketplace Partner Program                                 Resources         Product Demos    Product Tours    Webinars    eBooks    White Papers    Infographics    Data Sheets           Company         Leadership    Events         Advantage 2018           Careers    Awards    Contact          Press Center         Press Releases    In the News                 Trust         Buy With Confidence    System Security    System Status    Privacy                                                                   Contact me            Sage Business Cloud  Whether you’re running a startup or a global enterprise, take care of your finances, operations, and more with Sage Business Cloud.  Learn more            The #1 Financial Management Solution—Built for Finance by Finance   The undisputed global leader serving finance teams of any size  More than 10,000 employees helping 3 million customers succeed  Financial solutions generating over $2B in revenue  Join our Coffee Break Demo             FEATURED LIVE DEMO  Outgrowing QuickBooks?  If you use Excel extensively to produce reports or operate multiple business entities, you may be growing beyond QuickBooks.  Join us to see how our financial management and accounting software may be the right solution for your organization.    Register now               Gartner Gives Sage Intacct the Highest Score in Core Financials for the Lower Midsize Enterprises Use Case *  The #1 financial management solution – built for finance by finance  Read report    *Gartner: "Critical Capabilities for Cloud Core Financial Management Suites for Midsize, Large and Global Enterprises"—August 2017             #1 Preferred Provider of Financial Applications   The first and only preferred provider of the AICPA  The preferred choice of IFAC  Chosen by more of the top CPA firms than any other cloud financial system  The #1 financial management solution—built for finance by finance  Join our Coffee Break Demo    I’ve saved 80% of my time at quarter-end using Sage Intacct and Adaptive Insights.  —Russell Guthrie CFO, IFAC                    Gartner Names Sage Intacct as a Visionary for Core Financial Management Suites  New Gartner Magic Quadrant positions Sage Intacct as a visionary for ability to execute and completeness of vision  Access report         Compare Accounting Products.  View independent research from G2 Crowd.  Get the online report now                  We’re #1 at Making You #1  Rated #1 in customer satisfaction by G2 Crowd  Rated 98 out of 100 based on over 2,215 reviews  Helping customers scale from start-up to IPO and beyond  Read report        1 2 3 4 5 6 7         Watch Our Demo  Compare Sage Intacct        Sage Introduces Sage Business Cloud:  The One and Only Cloud Platform Designed for Every Stage of Customer Business Growth Learn more               Let's make leaders, not break them. Sage Intacct is the only cloud financial management solution with:  Tomorrow’s innovative technology to make your today easier Powerful automation to transform your productivity Modern cloud architecture to scale with your growing business           Core Financials  We cover all the fundamentals – accurately, completely, and automatically – to bring unprecedented speed and productivity to your finance operation.  Learn more          Advanced Functionality  Take financial management to the next level – and respond to complex challenges – with flexible built-in modules for consolidations, currencies, revenue recognition, and more.  Learn more          Smart Connections  Extend your financials with easy integration to your other applications – today and tomorrow – including Salesforce CRM.  Learn more               Connect with the business solutions you're already using.  We integrate with hundreds of APIs and systems.                                       Plug and play              What makes us different?  The only AICPA-endorsed solution for cloud financials Deep functionality to streamline complex accounting and finance processes Easy adoption, integration, and scalability Rapid payback and meaningful ROI Greater visibility, faster analyses, and real-time reporting for smarter business decisions  See success stories      Sage Intacct is built for:       Cloud  We’re built for cloud financial management and accounting. You get best-in-class infrastructure – without the big investments and headaches.  Read more         Finance  We’re 100-percent committed to excellence in modern, professional finance and accounting management – just like you.  Read more         Growth  We’re the solution that grows with your business as you add users, entities, customers, and transactions.  Read more         Success  Get ready for an exceptional ROI as you take your business to new levels success and profitability.  Read more         Public Companies  If an IPO’s on the horizon, we have the financial-management infrastructure that scales up to the demands of a public company.  Read more                Thousands of businesses choose Sage Intacct to help them achieve their goals.       Discover why.    Select your industry Healthcare Nonprofits Services Software & SaaS                     Why Sage Intacct?  Choose one of our featured customers, and see what they have to say about our product and how it helps them achieve their goals.                     Jason Gabauer ››  Controller, Halstatt                 Velma Hart ››  CFO, National Marine Sanctuary Foundation                 David Wohlwend ››  VP Finance & Accounting, ModSquad                      Countdown to ASC 606 and IFRS 15   Days 1 1 2 2 4 4 5 5 5 5 6 6 Hours 1 1 1 1 2 2 3 3 Minutes 1 1 2 2 6 6 7 7 Seconds 9 9 0 0 8 8 9 9      The rules are changing.  The most sweeping accounting change in decades is coming and time is running short. Are you ready to respond? Start preparing now—register for The New Rules for Contract and Revenue Management webinar series!  Are you ready?               Recommended for you  Count on us for the latest industry news, helpful resources, and fresh perspectives.                 Webinar ››  Close the Books Survey                 Q&A ››  Sage Intacct’s Reid on Pending Accounting Standards Changes             Sage Intacct Advantage ››  #1 industry peer event to connect and learn               Industry Report ››  G2 Crowd 2017 Software Grid Report             Sage Intacct Blog ››  Emerging trends and best practices             Product Tours ››  Sage Intacct key features and functionality.                        Try us. You'll like us.  Learn how Sage Intacct can transform your finance organization.       Thank you! A representative will contact you shortly.                 Coffee Break Demo  Put your feet up and enjoy this live Q&A  Learn how Sage Intacct helps you drive improved business performance — throughout your entire organization.  30 minute demo | Daily 9:00 am PT / Noon ET                                      Products  Core Financials  Additional Modules  Extending Your Financials  Your Industry    Why Sage Intacct  Why We're Different  Why We're Better    Customers  Customer Success Stories  Customer Videos    Services  Professional Services  Training  Customer for Life  Support    Partners  Value Added Resellers  Outsourcing Partners  Marketplace Partners    Company  Leadership  Careers  Awards  Press Center  Trust    Quick Links  Contact  Resources  Events  Advantage 2018  Customer Meetups  Blog             Trending topics:     Operating Cash Flow    Business Accounting Software    How To Evaluate The Cost of Cloud ERP Software    Cloud-Based Accounting Software    Financial Applications            Quick Info  Best-In-Class Cloud ERP Software     Move from the ordinary to the extraordinary with best-in-class Intacct cloud ERP software . Intacct—the only AICPA-preferred accounting management solution —generates immediate value through extensive real-time automation and a multi-tenant-architecture to eliminate manual work and simplify complex financial processes. Tap the power of cloud accounting software for core financial management that saves you significant time and money.    Real-Time Visibility    Gain strategic insight into business performance and take advantage of cloud ERP software that runs your business better. Intacct transforms inflexible, outmoded accounting processes using reporting and dashboards that streamline operations and turbo-charge financial reporting , presenting you with consolidated financial statements. Manage complex, multi-entity or multinational operations in real time with smarter consolidation accounting software . Only Intacct empowers your team with greater visibility into real-time business performance.    Built for Growth    Intacct is the cloud ERP software you'll never outgrow. When you need easy-to-use accounting software that is built for the cloud , Intacct is there with prepackaged functionality for immediate improvements. When you need to customize, Intacct lets you design workflows and configure the software to match the way you and your team work. Plus, there are dozens of prebuilt integrations with leading applications for each major business function within your organization—so you can deploy with more speed and less risk. For instance, Salesforce integration is a snap. Count on Intacct for accounting software in the cloud that's flexible enough to work the way your business runs—today and tomorrow.    ROI and Pricing    Intacct cloud ERP software—backed by Intacct professional services experts—deliver the best-in-class return on investment (ROI) that savvy financial professionals demand. Intacct pricing makes cloud computing costs affordable with a pay-as-you-go model, so you only pay for what you use. And that means most companies achieve a 100-percent payback in as little as six months. Maybe that's why thousands of companies have made the move to Intacct cloud ERP that automates key processes, drives revenue, and saves on IT costs.    Privacy    We understand that customers entrust highly confidential business information to us. It's an obligation we take extremely seriously—and that's why we're committed to exceeding your expectations for protecting and securing your confidential business applications and data. Get the full story on our world class physical, network, application, and data-level security . We also invite you to learn more about our website privacy policy and product privacy policy .          © Copyright 2018 Sage Intacct, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Site Map                         View Webinar  Watch Demo  Free Trial                                  reactful reactful    Webinar: The Top 5 KPIs for Professional Services  Watch Now               Sage Intacct   In just a few minutes you'll learn why we are the first and last cloud Financial Management Solution your business will ever need.    Show me          Try Sage Intacct with a Free 30-Day Trial  Free Trial        #^$                                           You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.   Turn on more accessible mode    Turn off more accessible mode    Skip Ribbon Commands    Skip to main content                HOME  •  ABOUT US  •  FOR CLIENTS  •  CONTACT US                                  Banks      Core Solutions   SilverLake System  CIF 20/20  Core Director  View All Items   Retail Delivery   jhaCall Center  OnBoard Loans  Synapsys  View All Items   Online & Mobile   Banno Mobile  Banno Digital Banking Suite  goDough  NetTeller Online Banking  Small Business Cash Management  ProfitStars Web Solutions  View All Items     Imaging Solutions   4|sight Item Imaging  Enterprise Conversion Solutions (ECS)  Synergy Enterprise Content Management (ECM)  View All Items   JHA Payment Solutions   Enterprise Payment Solutions (EPS)  iPay Solutions  View All Items   Information Security & Risk Management   Disaster Preparedness and Response  Financial Crimes Solutions  Fraud Mitigation  Gladiator Enterprise Information Security Services  Gladiator Network Services  View All Items     Business Intelligence & Financial Performance   Commercial Lending Solutions  jhaKnow  PROFITstar ALM Budgeting  Relationship 360  View All Items   Training & Consulting   JHA Client Services Consulting  Jack Henry University  View All Items      Credit Unions      Core Solutions   Episys  CruiseNet  Symitar EASE  View All Items   Retail Delivery   Episys Account Alerts  jhaAddress Verify  Synapsys Member Relationship Management  View All Items   Online & Mobile   Banno Mobile  Banno Digital Banking Suite  goDough  NetTeller Online Banking  Small Business Cash Management  ProfitStars Web Solutions  View All Items     Imaging Solutions   Enterprise Conversion Solutions (ECS)  ImageCenter Check Imaging  Synergy Enterprise Content Management (ECM)  View All Items   JHA Payment Solutions   Enterprise Payment Solutions (EPS)  iPay Solutions  View All Items   Information Security & Risk Managment   Centurion Enterprise-Level Recovery  Centurion Episys Hosted Failover  Episys Continuity  Gladiator Enterprise Information Security Services  Gladiator Network Services  View All Items     Business Intelligence & Financial Performance   Advanced Reporting for Credit Unions  Commercial Lending Solutions  PROFITstar ALM Budgeting  View All Items   Training & Consulting   Jack Henry University  SymAdvisor  View All Items      JHA Payment Solutions      JHA Card Processing Solutions   Card Processing  Data Analytics Tools  Digital Payments  Fraud Mitigation  Loyalty Solutions  Plastics Manufacturing and Personalization   iPay Solutions   Autobooks  iPay Business Bill Pay  iPay Consumer Bill Pay   Prepaid Card Solutions      Enterprise Payment Solutions   ACH Client  ACH Manager  Ensenta  Fraud Prevention HQ  JHA EPS SmartPay Biller Direct  JHA mRDC  JHA SmartMonitor  JHA SmartPay Express  Remote Deposit Anywhere (RDA)  Remote Deposit Complete (RDC)  Remote Deposit Express (RDX)  Remote Deposit Now (RDN)  Remote Deposit Scan (RDS)  SmartSight     JHA Resource Center       Industries      Capital Markets   Enterprise Content Management Solutions  Enterprise Payment Solutions  RemitPlus Remittance/Lockbox   General Business Solutions   Commercial Lending Solutions  Enterprise Content Management Solutions  Enterprise Payment Solutions  RemitPlus Remittance/Lockbox   Healthcare   Accounts Receivable Financing  Enterprise Content Management Solutions  Enterprise Payment Solutions  RemitPlus Remittance/Lockbox     Insurance   Claim Payment Processing  Enterprise Payment Solutions  Subrogation Payments   Manufacturing and Processing   Enterprise Content Management Solutions  Enterprise Payment Solutions  RemitPlus Remittance/Lockbox   Non-Profit Associations   Enterprise Content Management Solutions  Enterprise Payment Solutions  RemitPlus Remittance/Lockbox     Public Sector   Enterprise Content Management Solutions  Enterprise Payment Solutions  RemitPlus Remittance/Lockbox   Retail and Distribution   Enterprise Content Management Solutions  Enterprise Payment Solutions  RemitPlus Remittance/Lockbox   Utilities   Enterprise Content Management Solutions  Enterprise Payment Solutions  RemitPlus Remittance/Lockbox      Investors      Investors   Investor Relations  Press Releases  Events & Presentations  Corporate Governance  Financial Information  Stock Information  Shareholder Tools      Careers      Careers   Job Openings  Life at JHA  Benefits  Banno Product Team Internships  Office Locations  FAQ  EEO and Affirmative Action Statement                Jack Henry & Associates  >                             Here's how we can help :   01 02 03 04 05   back  pause/resume   forward                                  Saving Your Data Means Saving Your Customers By Eric Flick Posted: Apr 18, 2018 See more Blog Posts                       Jack Henry & Associates Third Quarter FY 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 2, 2018 7:45 AM EDT Jack Henry & Associates Second Quarter 2018  Earnings Conference Call Feb 7, 2018 7:45 AM CST See more Events       ​​Investor Events information is currently unavailable.                       Jack Henry & Associates To Provide Webcast Of Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Call The Victory Bank Selects ProfitStars' Commercial Lending Center Suite See more Press Releases       ​​Press Release information is currently unavailable.                     Tweets by Jack Henry & Associates                             MORE FROM JHA    About Us  Board of Directors  Executive Management  For Vendors  Media Releases  Mission Statement  Office Locations  Guiding Principles     LEARN MORE    Annual Conferences  For Clients  History  Media Relations  Subscription Management  Trade Shows     PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYEES    Job Openings  Life at JHA  Benefits  Banno Product Team Internships  Office Locations  FAQ  EEO and Affirmative Action Statement     FOR INVESTORS    Investor Relations  Press Releases  Events & Presentations  Corporate Governance  Financial Information  Stock Information  Shareholder Tools                                           © 2014- 2018 Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. ®  Trademark Notice  Terms & Conditions  Privacy Policy  Site Map                                   #^$  Home  About  Products    Hardware   Certifiers and Validators  Cheque Protectographs  Cheque Scanners  Cheque Signers  Currency and Coin Counters  Date Time Stamp  Encoders and Endorsers    Hardware   Digital Colour Printers  Folders  Form Bursters  MICR Laser Printers  Perforators  Pressure Sealers  Shredders    Software   Cheque Imaging & Remittance Processing  Secure Cheque Writing Software       Support  News  Resources   Channel Links  Business Opportunities    Contact  Request Info  (905) 889-6163     0 Shopping Cart   No products in the cart.      Home  About  Products    Hardware   Certifiers and Validators  Cheque Protectographs  Cheque Scanners  Cheque Signers  Currency and Coin Counters  Date Time Stamp  Encoders and Endorsers    Hardware   Digital Colour Printers  Folders  Form Bursters  MICR Laser Printers  Perforators  Pressure Sealers  Shredders    Software   Cheque Imaging & Remittance Processing  Secure Cheque Writing Software       Support  News  Resources   Channel Links  Business Opportunities    Contact  Request Info  (905) 889-6163   Search             A Single Source Solution Provider                                    "Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending." - Maria Robinson  "The road to success is always under construction" - Lily Tomlin  "Every great business is built on friendship" - JC Penny  "Success is simple. Do what’s right, the right way, at the right time." - Arnold H. Glasgow  "The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live." - Flora Whittemore  "Life is partly what we make it, and partly what is made by the friends we choose." - Tennessee Williams    Setting the Standard   Today’s business environments demand highly reliable, sophisticated and efficient solutions to streamline processes and increase the bottom line. At John Poulet Cheque Writer Service, we partner with industry and manufacturing leaders to provide you with efficient, high-level hardware and software solutions.   Since 1962, our reputation across Canada has been built on setting the highest standard for pre-sale assessment, after-sale support and supplies. Whether your need involves secure document management, MICR cheque printing, remittance processing, document image archive, pressure seal, mail inserters, paper folding or just simple money counting, we have a complete and total solution for you.    Financial Industry Equipment and Software Solutions  We pride ourselves in setting a new standard of performance and security for all of our clients’ critical and sensitive applications—including imaging software, cheque imaging, cheque clearing, remittance processing, cheque writing software, MICR cheque printers, cheque signers, encoders, endorsers, and money counting equipment.  Read More   Secure Cheque Writing Solutions  We are a Canadian industry leader in protecting against cheque fraud and forgery. In addition to cheque protectographs and signers, our secure cheque printing solutions include market-leading secure MICR cheque printers, secure cheque printing software, secure number font, secure blank cheque stock—and all of our solutions meet CPA requirements.  Read More  Paper Processing Solutions  Our extensive line of paper processing machines will help you efficiently manage your documents. The implementation of pressure sealers, paper folders, mail inserters, forms bursters, shredders and perforators will significantly reduce costs and streamline workflow.  Read More        John Poulet  Chequewriting and financial security solutions. Global provider of software and hardware security instruments. (905) 889-6163  sales4@jpoulet.com  Product Categories Certifiers and Validators  Cheque Protectographs  Cheque Scanners  Cheque Signers  Currency and Coin Counters  Product Categories Date Time Stamp  Encoders and Endorsers  Folders  Form Bursters  MICR Laser Printers  Product Categories Perforators  Pressure Sealers  Shredders  Cheque Imaging & Remittance Processing  Secure Cheque Writing Software  Digital Colour Printers        © Copyright 2016 - John Poulet Cheque Writer Service Limited.                             Scroll to top  #^$     Contact Us    Home  About Us  Services  Customers/Case Studies  Knowledge Center  Careers               Mentoris has a wide range of offering under the Accounting services category.         Being clearly on the right side of the law and statutes is key to helping your management focus on your core business.         Engaging Mentoris can help you focus on your core competency- keeping your strategic tasks in-house.            Incorporation Services  Registration with Statutory Bodies  AR/AP Services  Financial Accounting Support  MIS and Reporting Services  Payroll Services   more services     Tax Compliance  Labor Compliance  IFRS regulation Compliance  Excise/Custom Compliance  Trade Compliance/Affiliations   more services     Recruitment & Staffing  Induction/Onboarding Management  Skill, Behavioral & Leadership training  Employee Wellness  Employee Engagement/Evaluation   more services         Case Studies    CFO/MIS Services  Mentoris was engaged by an Internet Marketing Company for providing support in MIS services, Mentoris's role is to facilitate compiling monthly financial statements for review by the management. View all case studies       Copyright © 2013 Mentoris Solutions  All Rights Reserved     About Us | Services | Contact us | Terms of use     #^$ Menu   Categories       OUR PRODUCTS    WHO WE ARE    REQUEST A CATALOG    CONTACT US    MARKETING CLOUD    Categories   Custom Tax Folders    print brochures    e-brochures    firm brochures    brochure racks    tax planning letters    client alert    client update    tax & business letter    client memos    tax return folders    tax software folders    report covers    ultra-quality portfolios    personalized stationery    embossed foiled seals    postcards    greeting cards    appointment cards    notecards    websites    quik-link products    business cards    Chocolate client gifts    custom printed cds    tax tip ads    tax talks/speeches      OUR PRODUCTS    WHO WE ARE    REQUEST A CATALOG    CONTACT US    MARKETING CLOUD                       Search       OUR PRODUCTS    Brochures    Newsletters & Content    Folders & Stationery    Direct Mail Products    Online Products    Referral Boosters    Brochures   Print Brochures    E-Brochures    Firm Brochures    Brochure Racks   Newsletters & Content   Tax Planning Letters    Client Alert    Client Update    Tax & Business Letter    Today's Money    Monthly Newsletter    Client Memos   Folders & Stationery   Custom Tax Folders    Tax Return Folders    Tax Software Folders    Report Covers    Ultra-Quality Portfolios    Personalized Stationery    Embossed Foiled Seals   Direct Mail Products   Postcards    Greeting Cards    Appointment Cards    Notecards    Direct Mail Kit   Online Products   Quik-Page Websites    ClientKeeper Emails    Website Content Plus    Social Media Content    Quik-Link Products    Tax Flash    Client Tax Infographics   Referral Boosters   Business Cards    Chocolate Client Gifts    Custom Printed CDs    Tax Tip Ads    Tax Talks/Speeches    Identity Theft Super Pack    Tax Numbers Desk Guide   OUR PRODUCTS   Brochures    Newsletters & Content    Folders & Stationery    Direct Mail Products    Online Products    Referral Boosters   Brochures   Print Brochures    E-Brochures    Firm Brochures    Brochure Racks   Newsletters & Content   Tax Planning Letters    Client Alert    Client Update    Tax & Business Letter    Today's Money    Monthly Newsletter    Client Memos   Folders & Stationery   Custom Tax Folders    Tax Return Folders    Tax Software Folders    Report Covers    Ultra-Quality Portfolios    Personalized Stationery    Embossed Foiled Seals   Direct Mail Products   Postcards    Greeting Cards    Appointment Cards    Notecards    Direct Mail Kit   Online Products   Quik-Page Websites    ClientKeeper Emails    Website Content Plus    Social Media Content    Quik-Link Products    Tax Flash    Client Tax Infographics   Referral Boosters   Business Cards    Chocolate Client Gifts    Custom Printed CDs    Tax Tip Ads    Tax Talks/Speeches    Identity Theft Super Pack    Tax Numbers Desk Guide                           0  your cart   0 items in cart    Subtotal:  $0.00      View cart    Checkout                Sign in    Register    Sign in                     OUR PRODUCTS     Brochures    Print Brochures    E-Brochures    Firm Brochures    Brochure Racks      Newsletters & Content    Tax Planning Letters    Client Alert    Client Update    Tax & Business Letter    Today's Money    Monthly Newsletter    Client Memos      Folders & Stationery    Custom Tax Folders    Tax Return Folders    Tax Software Folders    Report Covers    Ultra-Quality Portfolios    Personalized Stationery    Embossed Foiled Seals      Direct Mail Products    Postcards    Greeting Cards    Appointment Cards    Notecards    Direct Mail Kit      Online Products    Quik-Page Websites    ClientKeeper Emails    Website Content Plus    Social Media Content    Quik-Link Products    Tax Flash    Client Tax Infographics      Referral Boosters    Business Cards    Chocolate Client Gifts    Custom Printed CDs    Tax Tip Ads    Tax Talks/Speeches    Identity Theft Super Pack    Tax Numbers Desk Guide         WHO WE ARE    REQUEST A CATALOG    CONTACT US    MARKETING CLOUD                       Search           OUR PRODUCTS    Brochures    Print Brochures    E-Brochures    Firm Brochures    Brochure Racks      Newsletters & Content    Tax Planning Letters    Client Alert    Client Update    Tax & Business Letter    Today's Money    Monthly Newsletter    Client Memos      Folders & Stationery    Custom Tax Folders    Tax Return Folders    Tax Software Folders    Report Covers    Ultra-Quality Portfolios    Personalized Stationery    Embossed Foiled Seals      Direct Mail Products    Postcards    Greeting Cards    Appointment Cards    Notecards    Direct Mail Kit      Online Products    Quik-Page Websites    ClientKeeper Emails    Website Content Plus    Social Media Content    Quik-Link Products    Tax Flash    Client Tax Infographics      Referral Boosters    Business Cards    Chocolate Client Gifts    Custom Printed CDs    Tax Tip Ads    Tax Talks/Speeches    Identity Theft Super Pack    Tax Numbers Desk Guide        WHO WE ARE    REQUEST A CATALOG    CONTACT US    MARKETING CLOUD                                 Search                     Sign in    Register          MOSTAD & CHRISTENSEN Marketing Solutions for Accountants   Call Us (800) 654-1654          OUR PRODUCTS     Brochures    Print Brochures    E-Brochures    Firm Brochures    Brochure Racks      Newsletters & Content    Tax Planning Letters    Client Alert    Client Update    Tax & Business Letter    Today's Money    Monthly Newsletter    Client Memos      Folders & Stationery    Custom Tax Folders    Tax Return Folders    Tax Software Folders    Report Covers    Ultra-Quality Portfolios    Personalized Stationery    Embossed Foiled Seals      Direct Mail Products    Postcards    Greeting Cards    Appointment Cards    Notecards    Direct Mail Kit      Online Products    Quik-Page Websites    ClientKeeper Emails    Website Content Plus    Social Media Content    Quik-Link Products    Tax Flash    Client Tax Infographics      Referral Boosters    Business Cards    Chocolate Client Gifts    Custom Printed CDs    Tax Tip Ads    Tax Talks/Speeches    Identity Theft Super Pack    Tax Numbers Desk Guide         WHO WE ARE    REQUEST A CATALOG    CONTACT US    MARKETING CLOUD                       Search           OUR PRODUCTS    Brochures    Print Brochures    E-Brochures    Firm Brochures    Brochure Racks      Newsletters & Content    Tax Planning Letters    Client Alert    Client Update    Tax & Business Letter    Today's Money    Monthly Newsletter    Client Memos      Folders & Stationery    Custom Tax Folders    Tax Return Folders    Tax Software Folders    Report Covers    Ultra-Quality Portfolios    Personalized Stationery    Embossed Foiled Seals      Direct Mail Products    Postcards    Greeting Cards    Appointment Cards    Notecards    Direct Mail Kit      Online Products    Quik-Page Websites    ClientKeeper Emails    Website Content Plus    Social Media Content    Quik-Link Products    Tax Flash    Client Tax Infographics      Referral Boosters    Business Cards    Chocolate Client Gifts    Custom Printed CDs    Tax Tip Ads    Tax Talks/Speeches    Identity Theft Super Pack    Tax Numbers Desk Guide        WHO WE ARE    REQUEST A CATALOG    CONTACT US    MARKETING CLOUD                                  • • •     About Mostad & Christensen  For over thirty-five years, we've created CPA marketing products with three important features — they're affordable, they're easy to use, and they get results. From printed and online client newsletters, client information brochures, and tax reminder postcards, to websites and web content for CPAs and accountants — you'll find the products you need with the practice-building results you want.    Order risk-free — all M&C products are 100% guaranteed — no exceptions, no time limits, no conditions of any kind.      Featured Products     2017 Tax Year Seals  Help clients distinguish one year's return from the next with 2017 Tax Year Seals. The richly embossed seal stands out on your tax return covers and provides the perfect finishing touch to your quality work.   $25.00 per package (100/package)  VIEW PRODUCT DETAILS  ADD TO CART          E-Z Divider Tabs  Affix E-Z Divider Tabs to separate tax schedules or state and federal returns. Available printed or blank.   $42.00 per package (240/package)  VIEW PRODUCT DETAILS  ADD TO CART          Top Tab Folders (Embossed CPA Seal)  Each time you give a client a prepared return, you have a golden opportunity to make a positive impression for your firm. Choose a prestigious tax folder to add that extra touch that shows you care about quality work.   As low as $1.05 each  VIEW PRODUCT DETAILS  ADD TO CART        Featured Content    Our customers say it best!  We understand how important customer reviews are to your marketing choices. See what your colleagues have to say about M&C.  Read all of our customer testimonials 〉〉        46 Marketing Ideas for Accountants  Download your free copy of "46 Marketing Ideas" — practical and profitable marketing ideas to increase the success of your firm's marketing efforts.  Download the whitepaper 〉〉        Get your FREE Catalog  Marketing doesn't have to be difficult or time consuming. With products from M&C, your marketing can be easy, right on target, and very rewarding.  Request a Catalog 〉〉                                    Our Company    About Us   Customer Reviews   Product & Ordering Info   Privacy Notice   Marketing Blog   Marketing Cloud   Site Map   Contact Us   Writers Wanted    Brochures    Print Brochures   E-Brochures   Firm Brochures   Brochure Racks    Newsletters & Content    Tax Planning Letters   Client Alert   Client Update   Tax & Business Letter   Today's Money   Monthly Newsletter   Client Memos    Folders & Stationery    Tax Return Folders   Tax Software Folders   Report Covers   Ultra-Quality Portfolios   Personalized Stationery   Embossed Foiled Seals    Direct Mail Products    Postcards   Greeting Cards   Appointment Cards   Notecards   Direct Mail Kit    Online Products    Quik-Page Websites   ClientKeeper Emails   Website Content Plus   Social Media Content   Quik-Link Products   Tax Flash   Reference Section   Client Tax Infographics    Referral Boosters    Business Cards   Chocolate Client Gifts   Custom Printed CDs   Tax Tip Ads   Tax Talks/Speeches   Identity Theft Super Pack   Tax Numbers Desk Guides         © 2016 - 2018 Mostad and Christensen, Inc. All rights reserved.                                                            Welcome!     Mostad & Christensen       Register with us and receive  10% off  your purchase  Enter keycode NEW CUSTOMER  at checkout  Sign up now!                 2017 Tax Year Seals  More details     $25.00  each    Select color Silver foil Gold foil      Qty:    Add to cart                     E-Z Divider Tabs  More details     $42.00  each    Select Tab Type: Federal Tabs State Tabs Blank Tabs      Qty:    Add to cart                     Top Tab Folders - Embossed CPA Seal  More details     $2.87  each    Select cover color Green Ash Gray Burgundy Blue  Select foil color White Silver Gold Black  Select Spine Size item 420T (3/8" spine) item 420TC (1/2" spine)    See discount pricing:  100-149  items  $2.87  / each  150-299  items  $1.86  / each  300-549  items  $1.43  / each  550-799  items  $1.20  / each  800-999  items  $1.14  / each  1000-1999  items  $1.09  / each  2000  or more items  $1.05  / each    Minimum purchase quantity:  100 units    Qty:    Add to cart      #^$              Close Cookie Policy Dialog     Cookie Policy: The Tungsten Network website and customer portal use cookies to give you the best user experience. In line with changes to data privacy legislation we have updated our privacy and cookies policy to let you know how we use them to make our website easy to use. For Tungsten Network Portal customers, cookies control important functionality, such as ensuring you are only running one session at a time. You will be unable to access the portal with cookies disabled. By closing this message you consent to our use of cookies as described in the policy unless you have disabled them. To learn more about the benefits of cookies and how to disable them, please read our privacy and cookies policy .        Skip to main content         Contact us    Email us    Call us    Our offices                Tungsten Portal  Login  Register    Close main menu          About    Company Overview    Leadership Team    News & Events    Corporate Social Responsibility    Careers    Standards & Certifications    Partners    Investor Relations      Solutions For Buyers    e-invoicing    Analytics    Workflow    PO Services    Invoice Data Capture      Solutions For Suppliers    e-invoicing    Early Payment    Global Payments    Analytics      Resources    Resource Library    Webinar Archive    Benefits of e-invoicing    Billentis Report    Compliance in Focus    Procure to Pay Friction Report    The Power of Digitisation    The State of P2P Friction      Events    Insights 2018             Request a Demo    Contact Us    Support     Service Overview    FAQ    Tutorials      Register    Portal Login                 Request a Demo    Contact Us    Support     Service Overview    FAQ    Tutorials        Register    Portal Login             Go to homepage  Tungsten Network - Trusted connections. Streamlined transactions.        Skip to end of main navigation   About     Company Overview    Leadership Team    News & Events    Corporate Social Responsibility    Careers    Standards & Certifications    Partners    Investor Relations      Solutions For Buyers     e-invoicing    Analytics    Workflow    PO Services    Invoice Data Capture      Solutions For Suppliers     e-invoicing    Early Payment    Global Payments    Analytics      Resources     Resource Library    Webinar Archive    Benefits of e-invoicing    Billentis Report    Compliance in Focus    Procure to Pay Friction Report    The Power of Digitisation    The State of P2P Friction      Events     Insights 2018     Skip to start of main navigation       Toggle navigation         Search      Change language               Search       Search                  Change language     English UK     English US     Deutsch     Français     Español     Italiano     Nederlands     Polski     Português     Český     Magyar                           Previous   Previous   INFO   Discover how much friction is in your P2P processes   NEWS   Tungsten Network and BNP Paribas partner to offer financing solutions to large corporates   EVENT   Register for our annual customer event Insights 2018   INFO   Discover how much friction is in your P2P processes   NEWS   Tungsten Network and BNP Paribas partner to offer financing solutions to large corporates   EVENT   Register for our annual customer event Insights 2018   INFO   Discover how much friction is in your P2P processes   Next    Next            THE FUTURE IS FRICTIONLESS  Our vision is to be the world's most trusted business transaction network by using data intelligently to strengthen the global supply chain.               e-invoicing    Workflow    Early Payment              Our Buyers and Suppliers are among the largest global brands                                     The World is Going Digital      17.1M  Invoices delivered in FY17    £155bn  Transacted in FY17    48  Compliant countries      Tungsten's Global Network   + −     e-invoicing compliant countries  e-invoice data transfer enabled countries  Tungsten Network offices      * Please note: Tungsten Network provides a Commercial Invoice Data Transfer Service in all other countries unless government embargo or other legal or local restrictions apply.             Trusted and Secure  Our platform and processes meet these exacting standards                                                         Corporate headquarters   Pountney Hill House  6 Laurence Pountney Hill  London EC4R 0BL, UK      Useful links  Contact us  Service Overview  FAQ  Billentis Report  Compliance in Focus  Procure to Pay Friction Report  The Power of Digitisation  The State of P2P Friction  Adobe Acrobat Reader      Legal  Terms of use  Privacy policy        Legal  Terms of use  Privacy policy         Share price  Tungsten Corporation PLC  (TUNG.L) 56.60 +0.30  Currency GBX         Follow us on Twitter      Watch us on Youtube      Find us on LinkedIn              Go to homepage       Copyright © 2018 Tungsten Corporation plc. All Rights Reserved.                    #^$                   client login                   Home Company Tax Solutions Customer Success Resources Contact  Home Company Tax Solutions Customer Success Resources Contact                                                             Tax Solutions       Customer Success       Contact OSG Today!                               Tax Minimization & Recovery  Efficiently managing, minimizing and recovering your tax 
    liabilities.    read more        State & Local Tax Compliance  Ensuring appropriate state and local tax compliance 
    without the headaches or red tape.     read more       Tax Administration Outsourcing  Minimize your tax 
    liabilities and streamline your business practices.    read more             Case Study:  Leasing  Tax Administration   OSG Saves 
        a  Fortune 500  Bank Leasing Organization $500,000    read more        Free Tax Consultation  Schedule your FREE tax 
        consultation with OSG.     click here          Request a Demo  See how OSG uses 
        technology to better serve you.     click here                  Case 
        Study:  Retail  Business Personal 
        Property Tax    Knowledge and 
        Persistence Helps National Retailer Receive $70,000 Tax Refund    read more                      Join our  FREE e-Newsletter  Tips from the Tax Experts                               click here    Privacy Policy                                             Newsletter |    Terms of Use |    Privacy Policy |   Contact Us |   Sitemap   1-877-4-OSGTAX                  Copyright � 2005. Outsourcing Solutions Group, LLC. All 
    Rights Reserved. Dallas, Texas.                    #^$  Skip to main content  Google Tag Manager                 ☰       Timesheets     Header Menu of the Robert Half Website    Investor Center       Contact Us Request Staff               Header Menu of the Robert Half Website    Investor Center        Timesheets       Top Menu of the Robert Half Website     Employers       Request Talent      Search Candidates        Job Seekers       Search Jobs      Submit Resume        Work With Us       Our Services       Accounting & Finance       Temporary      Full-Time      Project        Office & Administrative      Technology & IT      Executive Search      Legal      Creative & Marketing        About Us       History and Accolades      Our Story      Strategic Alliances and Relationships      Investor Center        Locations      Research and Insights       Workplace Research      Salary Guides      Blog      Recruitment Tips      Staffing Advice      Tips to Land a Job      Career Development                  Contact Us Request Staff                                         Unrivaled Industry Insight. Sophisticated Matching Technology. And a Personalized Approach. It’s Why We’re #1.        NEED TO HIRE? LOOKING FOR A JOB?     [Candidate search to come]  Select City Albany Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Bakersfield Baltimore Baton Rouge Birmingham Boise Boston Manchester Buffalo Cedar Rapids Charleston Charlotte Chattanooga Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Akron Colorado Springs Columbia Columbus Dallas Ft Worth Davenport Dayton Denver Des Moines Detroit El Paso Eugene Fayetteville Fort Myers Fort Wayne Fresno Grand Rapids Kalamazoo Green Bay Appleton Greensboro Greenville Hartford Honolulu Houston Indianapolis Jacksonville Kansas City Knoxville Lansing Las Vegas Lexington Little Rock Los Angeles Louisville Macon Madison Manchester Memphis Miami Ft Lauderdale Midland Odessa Milwaukee Minneapolis St Paul Monterey Nashville New Jersey New Orleans New York Norfolk Oklahoma City Omaha Orange County Orlando Overland Park Palm Springs Parsippany Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Portland Portland Maine Providence Raleigh Reno Richmond Rochester Sacramento Stockton Modesto Saddlebrook Salt Lake City San Antonio San Diego San Francisco Bay Area Santa Barbara Savannah Seattle Tacoma Spokane Springfield St Louis Stamford Syracuse Tampa Toledo Tucson Tulsa Washington DC West Palm Beach Wilmington Woodbridge Youngstown FIND CANDIDATES                      Search Jobs                                       Our areas of specialization    Accountemps Temporary Accounting & Finance  Robert Half Finance & Accounting Full-Time Accounting & Finance  Robert Half Management Resources Interim Project-Based Financial  OfficeTeam Office & Administrative  Robert Half Technology Technology & IT  The Creative Group Creative & Marketing  Robert Half Legal Legal  Robert Half Executive Search Executive Search         Four Simple Steps to Hire How We Help You Find a Job       1  Tell us about your hiring needs    2  Your staffing options    3  Review and select candidates    4  Service and your happiness                   Step 1: Tell us about your hiring needs  Submit your job opening online in just minutes, or simply call us. Either way, our recruiting specialists will evaluate the skills, experience and corporate culture fit you require. We are 100% committed to finding employees who are the best fit for your company. Need someone today, or even weeks from now? No problem, we have you covered.            Step 2: Your staffing options  Robert Half is known for providing a selection of highly skilled professionals, and our staffing professionals can provide you with temporary, temporary-to-full-time, project and full-time staffing solutions. We even have our own full-time specialized employees, who you can hire on an interim or recurring basis. Wondering how to make the most of your hiring budget? There is no cost until you hire, so let’s talk.            Step 3: Review and select candidates  Finding candidates who are just the right fit for your role is our top priority. We will provide you with your choice of well-matched candidates, and our recommendations will be tailored to the nuances of your role and business. Then, once you select the best candidate, we’ll coordinate all aspects of the recruiting process, working hard to ensure a smooth start for you and your new employee.            Step 4: Service and your happiness  Ensuring you are happy with your hiring experience is what defines Robert Half. We are committed to the highest level of customer service, and we back it up with a satisfaction guarantee. Our communication, expert advice and recruiting support is provided on your terms, not just during the hiring process but beyond, creating a lasting relationship with you.                REQUEST TALENT             1  Search for jobs and apply    2  Upload your resume    3  Getting to know you    4  While we find the right fit                   Step 1: Search for jobs and apply  Quickly and easily search our open positions to find one that fits your skills and experience. We have jobs with top local companies in your area.            Step 2: Upload your resume  Our online form makes it easy to send us your resume or upload the details of your LinkedIn profile. We’ll then contact you if your qualifications meet the requirements of an open position or match what our clients typically look for.            Step 3: Getting to know you  You are more than just a resume or an application. That is why we work so hard to understand your career goals, so that we can help you find a job that is just the right fit for you.            Step 4: While we find the right fit  In addition to helping find your next career move, we are also here to help you with refining your resume, prepping you for interviews, and sharing local salary and hiring trends.                Submit A Resume            Contact us at one of our locations near you.         Distance 5 mi 10 mi 25 mi 50 mi 100 mi 150 mi   FIND AN OFFICE           New York Tri State Area San Francisco Bay Area Chicago Area Los Angeles  See all locations.        More from Robert Half                                About Us   Find out how we can help you with your hiring and job search needs, access the investor center and learn more about our alliances and community outreach.   Read More                         How We Can Help You Find The Right Fit   Understand what you can expect when working with a staffing agency like Robert Half to find your next great hire or career move.   Work With Us                         Research & Insights   Our exclusive research and insights provide an in-depth look at issues of particular importance to hiring managers, job seekers and working professionals.   Research & Insights                          ABOUT US     Alliances    Careers    Company Information    Media Room    Investor Center    Locations    Timesheets/W2    Contact Us    Job Directory        RESOURCES     Our Services    Workplace Research    Blog    Salary Guides        LEGAL     Fraud Alert    Privacy Policy    Terms of Use    Government Notice    Sitemap        FOLLOW US    Facebook    LinkedIn    Twitter    YouTube    Instagram    Glassdoor            1.855.432.0924  © 2018 Robert Half International Inc . An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans .        United States    Australia    Austria    Belgium    Brazil    Canada    Chile    China    France    Germany    Hong Kong    Japan    Luxembourg    Netherlands    New Zealand    Singapore    Switzerland    UAE    United Kingdom        IT'S TIME WE ALL WORK HAPPY. ®                       #^$        Skip to content       Toggle Menu         Call us on +61 7 3490 9988                            About  Back  Our Team  Our Alliance Partners  Careers  Back  Vacancy    Cadetships    Services  Back  Tax  Audit Services  Business Advisory  CFO Services  SMSF and Superannuation    Resources  Back  Cloud Software  Helpful Links  FAQ    News  Client Portal  Contact    07 3490 9988           Toggle Search              Type your keywords and hit enter             We are SRJ Walker Wayland Growing business.  Growing people.    A new kind of business advisor in Brisbane, Moreton Bay Region  and beyond. Creating more value than any other through astute business strategy, assurance from registered company auditors and strategic tax advice.  Play Video About Us  Client Testimonials           Around for 32 Years  Built on a strong tradition and ready for the future. We have a rich history of advising and helping businesses grow since 1983. We put into practise advice that has seen exceptional growth in our own business.       Chartered firm  Not all accountants are equal. The Chartered title is an internationally recognised professional designation that reflects the highest standards of ethical, professional and technical expertise.       All Australian  Unlike many other firms, we do not outsource work offshore. We recruit and train local young talent to deliver higher value and more timely solutions than offshoring.The integrity of your confidential information is protected.   About SRJWW Chartered Accountants and Registered Company Auditors We are based in Brisbane , Brendale and Caboolture. The SRJ Walker Wayland team services SME’s, non-profit organisations, corporations, partnerships and individuals across areas of Accounting, Audit & Assurance , Taxation and Business Advice .  Being an independent member of Walker Wayland Australasia Limited, and with connections to the international association of BKR International, means SRJ Walker Wayland clients can access resources and advice necessary to operate throughout Queensland, across the country and around the world. SRJ Walker Wayland, by its antecedent firm, was established in 1983, has 5 Directors and 60 team members dedicated to understanding the demands of business and providing advice that makes commercial sense.    Call Us on +61 7 3490 9988  Read More About Us  Our Services At SRJ we work on the strategic and day-to-day management of your business affairs and personal finances. We also ensure your regulatory requirements are handled with care.        Tax  Australia’s ever-changing tax landscape requires astute review and management  Read More           Audit Services  Quality audit systems approved by world-class organisations  Read More           Business Advisory  There’s more to accounting than just financial statements and tax returns  Read More           CFO Services  A CFO’s responsibility extends beyond accounting  Read More     SRJ Blog Latest from SRJ WW    How an Accounting Cadetship Program Changed My World      9th April 2018    News    Considering a university degree in accounting or business? Find out how our accounting cadetship program helped one student get closer to her dreams… Read More      Professional Athlete Tax: Avoid getting a red card from the ATO!      2nd April 2018    News    A referee isn’t the only person who can raise a red card. The Australian Taxation Office (ATO) can too – and it may have more severe consequences! As a professional… Read More      Club Owners: What’s The Threat Of Online Gambling To Club Revenue Streams?      26th March 2018    News    As club owners look at risks to their revenue streams, the elephant in the room is online gambling. Find out what risks it poses & what you should be doing… Read More     From around the internet Industry News Japan finance official denies sexual misconduct allegation – ABC News Source: Industry News Published on 2018-04-19 ‘Absolutely and utterly disgusting’: Westpac’s advice led to couple’s ruin – The Sydney Morning Herald Source: Industry News Published on 2018-04-19 Low finance: Inquiry shows different people, different rules – The Age Source: Industry News Published on 2018-04-19 1  2  3  …  17  Next » View More        Our Offices  Brisbane Office Level 8, 300 Ann Street Brisbane, Qld 4001  +61 (7) 3490 9988  Brendale Office Unit 3, 27 South Pine Rd Brendale, 4500  +61 (7) 3490 9988  Caboolture Office Level 1, 14 Annie Street Caboolture, 4510  +61 (7) 5428 9555    Sitemap  Blog  Contact  Pay Your Invoice               Copyright © 2016 - 2018 SRJ Walker Wayland. All rights reserved.  Privacy Policy  Terms & Conditions      @twitter   Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. All users of this site are governed by and must comply with SRJ’s Site Use Terms .                                                       Subscribe to our monthly updates  Get the latest news and updates from the team at SRJ Walker Wayland    Submit    #^$ Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/index.php on line 4   Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/index.php on line 4   Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/index.php on line 4   Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/header.php on line 4   Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/header.php on line 4   Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/header.php on line 4                                                  Tax Forms    Order your w2 and 1099 tax forms from one of the industry’s leading supplier of tax form products and services for the business to business market.  Tax forms that you purchase from us are 100% in compliance with IRS regulations and have been approved and certified by the IRS. PTM Document Systems, a division of American Solutions for Business, takes pride in the broad diversity of printing, office products, Print to Mail™ pressure seal products, scanning and document management solutions.  Officially Approved Tax Forms  Our tax forms follow rigid IRS and SSA printing specifications in order to pass Optical Scanning (OCR) equipment requirements. All Payroll Tax Forms including W2, W3, 1099, 1096 have been certified correct and approved by the Federal Government (plus State and City tax agencies where necessary). Formats are per Official and SSA regulations.  Great Tax Form Prices—Solid Guarantee  We offer the best prices in the industry on quality W2 tax forms, W3 tax forms, 1099 tax forms and 1096 tax forms and compatible envelopes. And, we stand behind every tax form order with a solid guarantee. If you’re not completely satisfied with your tax form order, we will replace it at no charge or refund the purchase price.     IRS Tax Forms     IRS form 8949  Mar 15, 2013  The IRS has released a new tax form that serves the purpose of reporting capital gains and losses from stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and anything else that falls into the category. This form was introduced during the 2011 tax year       IRS Form 944  Mar 15, 2013  Recently, the IRS decided that it was time to make the process for small business owners easier which resulted in them creating form 944. This new form that has just been introduced this year now makes it so a lot       Form W-2  Mar 15, 2013  The IRS makes it mandatory for all employers to report both the wage and salary of all of their employees by using a form by the name of W2. The W2 dorm shows the amount of federal, state and any       Form 1099-MISC  Mar 15, 2013  If you are a company or person who received money due to prizes, awards, royalties, and other things of that nature you are required by the IRS to report all of them on the 1099-MISC form. Furthermore, if you work       Form W-9  Mar 15, 2013  The W9 form is one of the most common tax forms among freelancers and independent contractors.  Those who fill out one of these forms are generally people who are paying money on their social security number. It is used for                Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/sidebar.php on line 4   Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/sidebar.php on line 4   Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/sidebar.php on line 4    Tax Forms   Form W-2  Form W-4  Form W-9  Form 1040  IRS Form 944  IRS form 8949  Form 1099-MISC  Blog          Paradigm Partners  Paradigm LP Partners  Paradigm Partners reviews            Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/footer.php on line 4   Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/footer.php on line 4   Warning :  Illegal string offset 'id' in /home/buytaxfo/public_html/wp-content/themes/000edupress/footer.php on line 4              Home | Terms | Privacy | Contact            #^$      Skip to main content    Menu   Cotiviti ® Healthcare Who we serve  Payer priorities  Our capabilities  Our vision  Events  CMS RAC  RowdMap   Connolly ® Who we serve  Our clients’ needs  Our solutions  Our service commitment  Events   About Cotiviti ® Our focus  Leadership Team  Corporate Social Responsibility  News   Investors Investment Proposition  Stock Information  Events & Presentations  Financial Reports  SEC Filings  Press Releases  Corporate Governance  Information Request   Careers Working at Cotiviti  University Recruiting  Benefits  Diversity  Opportunities   Contact us  Cotiviti  Cotiviti Healthcare  Connolly                  Insights that unlock value   Financial opportunity lies hidden in your data. We can help you capture it.  Play video              Enhancing accuracy in healthcare payments   Giving you confidence that claims and payments adhere to your policies  Read more              Capturing a competitive edge in a complex retail landscape   Thoroughly examining every bit of data to maximize your margins  READ MORE            view        view        view            Home           Healthcare  Cotiviti Healthcare enables payers to achieve accuracy across the payment continuum and improve their financial results with solutions for payer liability, coding and contract compliance, and clinical appropriateness.  Cotiviti Healthcare   Retail  Connolly enhances profitability for retailers, applying analytics and innovative audit methods to match payments to agreements across a vast ecosystem of suppliers and vendors.  Connolly - A division of Cotivity    News    Cotiviti Announces Conference Call to Review  4/06/2018    Cotiviti Management to Present at Investor Conferences:  2/26/2018           Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  YouTube  Google+  Glassdoor  Privacy Policy  Terms of Use   © 2018 Cotiviti Corporation. Cotiviti ® , Connolly ® , RowdMap ® and Risk-Readiness ® are registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office       ×    A new name for a trusted partner  In 2014 Connolly and iHealth Technologies joined forces. Today, our combined knowledge and decades of experience bring our clients a higher level of performance. Our new name and brand marks a new step in our evolution and our renewed dedication to unlocking value.    A new name to reflect our growing expertise  In 2014, iHealth Technologies joined forces with Connolly to enhance our ability to help healthcare payers achieve positive business results. Today, this integrated team becomes Cotiviti Healthcare , the recognized leader in payment accuracy for healthcare payers, combining advanced, technology-enabled analytics with data-mining expertise to deliver greater insight and uncover hidden value.    Sharpening our focus on your success  For decades, Connolly has delivered excellent financial results for clients in healthcare and retail. Today, as part of Cotiviti, Cotiviti Healthcare , the payment accuracy expert for the healthcare sector, and Connolly , dedicated to our retail clients, are renewing our commitment to uncover value and help clients reach their business goals.   Learn more    Cotiviti  Cotiviti Healthcare  Connolly - A division of Cotivity                       Play Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 2:14 Remaining Time -0:00 Stream Type LIVE Loaded : 0% Progress : 0% 00:00 Fullscreen 00:00 Mute Playback Rate 1 Subtitles subtitles off Captions captions settings captions off Chapters Chapters Foreground --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Opaque Background --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done  X    #^$                                                  Fraud Basics      Press       Management Team      Contact Us                                 In these unpredictable economic times, strategic cost-control should be well planned.  From an audit perspective, the three chief objectives in managing contract expenses should be 1) the monitoring of historical transactions to identify deviations from industry norms and contract price list, 2) detection of inefficiencies in implementation and 3) the review of the contract language for future improvements. Neil Loder                © 2016 Corporate Audit Partners, A Neil Loder Company     #^$                   Client Service Center Login     Close x  Client Service Center Login  Client ID:   Remember Me   Password:     Forgot your Client ID or Password?     Call: (800) 355-9999  |  Email: dal@dalcollects.com         Home    About DAL    History & Philosophy    A Letter from Our President    Strategic Alliances    Career Opportunities      Services    Commercial Collections    Client Service Center    Placement Options    Skip Tracing, Bank Account  & Asset Searches    Credit Executive Letter Series    Outsourcing    Financial Management    Worldwide Attorney Network    Collection Automation Services      Resources    Collection Tips    News & Events    Top Ten Debtor Excuses      Contact DAL    >> Place A Claim              Since 1974, DAL has been Serving the Credit and Collection Community With over 40 years in the credit industry, DAL has become a trusted name in commercial collections due to its tenured staff and company business philosophy: Maximum recovery and file resolution with thorough communication to the Client.           Since 1974, DAL has been Serving the Credit and Collection Community    Work with an agency started by a Credit Manager - for Credit Managers!    Automate your collection process with DAL & Cortera Pulse.    Place your delinquent accounts with DAL today!           ABOUT DAL  Since 1974, DAL has been Serving the Credit and Collection Community. Recovery & resolution is our primary goal with the highest standards in ethics and professionalism.    COLLECTION TIPS  Check out these reminders on handling your receivables.    SIGN UP WITH DAL  Sign up here to stay current with DAL and receive our quarterly DAL News & Views and DAL Credit & Collection E-Alert.    NEWS AND EVENTS  Announcing: A Spring 2018 Credit & A/R Educational Seminar. Presented by DAL, Inc. and it's Partner, The National Network of Credit & Financial Professinals. Click here for more details.  Be sure to let us know if you will be attending!            dal@dalcollects.com  (800) 355-9999    Home  About DAL    Services  Resources    Contact DAL  Terms of Use    Place a Claim   Feedback    © 2018 DAL, Inc.           #^$  Land Systems The Problem Our Solutions Our People Contact Us  Land Systems The Problem Our Solutions Our People Contact Us   Oil and Gas Software, Refined Keep track of your assets, down to the last drop    The Problem Software in the Oil and Gas Industry is decades behind.  Unorganized Data The majority of Oil and Gas lease information remains in paper format. As assets change hands and operators come and go, this information can get lost in the transfer of documents, stuck forever in a black hole of filing cabinets, manila folders, and closet space. Without a way to easily find, access, and view these documents, they become useless. Lost Revenue Mineral, royalty, and non-op working interest owners often get the short end of the stick. They cash checks from operators and often just hope they are getting paid the correct amount. Due to the complexity and lack of insight into the data, verifying that payments are accurate is a difficult task, without which millions of dollars are lost. Lack of Complete Lease Information Lease documents are complex and operators and mineral owners often struggle to understand and track all of the nuances of a lease agreement. When these agreements are misunderstood or are not entirely clear, Oil and Gas companies run the risk of losing leases by not understanding when the lease expires and the specific related contingencies.    Our Solutions We have developed innovative, intuitive, and comprehensive solutions to solve these problems.  Mineral Trust An interactive platform to store and link all your data Our premier product is a comprehensive platform for all of your well data. Our platforms allows you to view an interactive map of assets, look at scanned versions of your lease agreements, create baskets of assets to further understand your position, and accurately ensure that everything you own is in order and accounted for. Active Receipts Match land and revenue data to make sure you are getting paid Our active receipts program matches land data and revenue data. By tying these two pieces of information together, Oil and Gas companies are able to understand if they are getting all of the revenue that they are promised per their agreements. Digital Lease Review Advanced technology to know exactly what is in your leases Our proprietary machine learning algorithm reviews your leases for discrepancies. Our team of talented and detail-oriented lease analysts then pore over these findings to help you better understand when your leases expire and other discrepancies in the documents    Leadership We are a young and motivated team ready to tackle these problems head on! We have brought together the best engineers and entrepreneurs to solve your every need. We look forward to working with you.    Contact Us If you would like to learn more, we would love to hear from you. Name Email Phone (Optional)  Message   Submit Comment © 2016              #^$      (843) 416-1085  info@moodyassociates.net               Home  About Us  Our Team       Services  Contact Us  CLIENT LOGIN      Select Page   Home  About Us  Our Team  Services  Contact Us  CLIENT LOGIN                             CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS  Put the expertise of a CPA firm behind your audit.  REQUEST A CONSULTATION             MAXIMUM RECOVERIES  M&A digs deeper to find more than just the low hanging fruit.  REQUEST A CONSULTATION             SERVING CLIENTS WORLDWIDE  Fortune 500 companies, with operations across the globe, trust M&A with their business.  REQUEST A CONSULTATION           Previous Next 1 2 3         MOODY ASSOCIATES, P.A.      Certified Public Accountants  Recovery Audit Specialists     REQUEST A CONSULTATION           FORTUNE 500 CUSTOMER BASE   Client portfolio includes top international healthcare, manufacturing, food wholesalers, distribution, and other organizations. Moody Associates, P.A. is also the single source, approved vendor for several group purchasing organizations representing combined member revenue of $1.5 TN.           EXPERIENCED, TENURED TEAM   We employ an experienced team of professional auditors with average employee tenure of greater than seven years. Our standard of expertise, consistent Client focus and rigorous audit process produces 100% vendor approval of all claims submitted.              DIFFERENTIATED SERVICE APPROACH   CPA designation presents an increased level of credibility with Client vendors. Our intimate understanding of corporate internal control systems drives a focused, proven methodology to maximize recoveries and limit business interruption.           BRAND RECOGNITION   Over 50% of Clients have used our auditing services for more than four years. Some of our largest customers have been Clients for a decade or longer.                                SATISFIED CLIENTS                M&A is the only firm I will ever use again.  They recovered nearly two times the amount previous auditors had found. M&A searched high and low and confirmed 100% of their claims. Although they were not onsite, they were always available to answer any questions resulting in a very efficient and painless audit.  Healthcare Supply Chain, Disbursements Director           The Moody team demonstrated amazing attention to detail. They searched high and low and confirmed 100% of their recoveries. This aggressive attitude is exactly what we were looking for in a profit recovery firm. They are extremely professional and do not intrude our working environment.  Internet Provider and Technology Retailer           Moody Associates, P.A. is the only firm we will ever use again. We now have a multi-year contract. Of particular note, M&A provides an immediate response to all of our inquiries and there are no claim disputes, internally or externally. The process was smooth.  Hospital Supply Chain              By far, M&A provided the highest level of review and feedback/recommendations for process improvement. There is a definite sense of customer focus to provide a detailed root cause analysis to minimize potential for overpayments. They are the only recovery audit firm that we have used repeatedly and we still use them today.  Fortune 500 Chemical Manufacturer           Although Moody Associates’ team was not on-site, they were always available to promptly answer any question that I may have had regarding their findings. They provided weekly summaries and the supporting documentation proving the recovery. Prior to Moody Associates, [our organization] contracted another recovery group for A/P audits. M&A was able to find money that should have been caught by the previous contractor. We will continue to use Moody Associates and we are looking forward to our next audit.  Texas Healthcare Provider                   READY TO CONNECT?      Discover why the Moody Associates team provides better results.        REQUEST A CONSULTATION                    © MOODY ASSOCIATES, P.A. 2018 | Site Layout by FREEHAND MEDIA                #^$ Investors 888-799-7976                                                  Solutions Solutions Recovery Audit Contract Compliance Audit Source-to-Pay Analytics Source-to-Pay SaaS Solutions Advanced Analytics Payment Practices and Reporting Supplier Services Supplier Information Management Deduction Management Advisory Services By Need Recovering Overpayments Spend Visibility Cash Chain Optimization Fact-Based Supplier Negotiations Improving Supplier Communications By Function Finance & Accounting Shared Services & Global Business Services Merchandising Procurement Supply Chain Internal Audit By Industry Retail Natural Resources, Energy & Utilities Manufacturing & CPG High Technology, Telecommunications & Media Pharmaceuticals Professional & Finance Distribution & Logistics Industries   News & Events   Website Launch 2018  Apr 3, 2018 After months of hard work and planning, we are pleased to share the re-launch of our website, www.prgx.com.…  Read More    News & Events   Not the Retiring Sort – CEO Profile  Jun 2, 2014 After almost 30 years at Arthur Andersen and Accenture, Stewart retired from the firm in 2007. Instead of…  Read More    News & Events   5 Questions for the Boss  May 25, 2014 With $195 million in annual revenue and nearly 1,700 employees in 30 countries, PRGX’s revenue dropped last year…  Read More Industries Retail Natural Resources, Energy & Utilities Manufacturing & CPG High Technology, Telecommunications & Media Pharmaceuticals Professional & Finance Distribution & Logistics Resources 16 Sep  News & Events   PRGXchange  Mar 15, 2018 September 16 – 18, 2018, Austin, TX – Join your industry peers and PRGX at our annual conference where…  Read More 29 Apr   News & Events   FMI Financial Executives Conference  Mar 13, 2018 PRGX will be attending and speaking at the upcoming FMI Financial Executives Conference Date: April 29 – May…  Read More 25 Apr   News & Events   PRGX CPO Roundtable  Mar 12, 2018 Chicago, IL – Join your peers for a lunch and learn with PRGX facilitated by Gary Kallenbach.  Read More Resources Events News Press Releases Product Sheets Company Join our team Staff Auditor Seattle, WA | US Staff Auditor Seattle, WA | US Staff Auditor Nashville, TN | US Staff Auditor Seattle, WA | US Staff Auditor Maple Grove, MN | US Staff Auditor Mississauga | CA Staff Auditor Nashville, TN | US Staff Auditor Nashville, TN | US Advisory Senior Consultant Atlanta, GA | US Advisory Manager Atlanta, GA | US View all openings Company Leadership Careers Company News Contact     Solutions Toggle menu Solutions Recovery Audit Contract Compliance Audit Source-to-Pay Analytics Source-to-Pay SaaS Solutions Advanced Analytics Payment Practices and Reporting Supplier Services Supplier Information Management Deduction Management Advisory Services By Need Recovering Overpayments Spend Visibility Cash Chain Optimization Fact-Based Supplier Negotiations Improving Supplier Communications By Function Finance & Accounting Shared Services & Global Business Services Merchandising Procurement Supply Chain Internal Audit By Industry Retail Natural Resources, Energy & Utilities Manufacturing & CPG High Technology, Telecommunications & Media Pharmaceuticals Professional & Finance Distribution & Logistics Industries Toggle menu Industries Retail Natural Resources, Energy & Utilities Manufacturing & CPG High Technology, Telecommunications & Media Pharmaceuticals Professional & Finance Distribution & Logistics Resources Toggle menu Events News Press Releases Product Sheets Company Toggle menu Leadership Careers Company News Contact     866-245-4045 Investors  Icons                                                                                          Convert Complex Data Into Bottom-Line Growth For more than 40 years, PRGX has been helping companies around the world reduce costs, optimize working capital and mitigate risk at all stages of the Source-to-Pay (S2P) process. As a leader in data analytics and recovery audit, no other company achieves greater value for customers than PRGX. Learn More  Press Release  PRGX Announces Multi-Year Contract with Kroger        Product Sheet  Duty to Report        Uncovering Value by Making Sense of Complex Data With industry-leading tools and expertise, PRGX can more quickly aggregate and analyze complex data from disparate sources. Our customers get actionable insights that eliminate costly leakage and deliver meaningful improvements to profitability.  Learn More Actionable Insights Deliver Measurable Results PRGX’s insights and strategies improve overall company Source-to-Pay operations and deliver financial value on day one.  Free Up  Working Capital Find and recover cash in supplier contracts and transactions to improve your company’s financial performance.  Lower Your Risk Mitigate contractual risks, manage the complex supply chain and maximize supplier performance to support a healthier bottom line.  Reduce Cost of Goods Sold Identify savings of up to 2-5% on costs of goods through data aggregation, true cost, spend analytics and cost harmonization analytics.  Improve Operational Efficiency Our solution platform highlights and consolidates key metrics to optimize management of your Source-to-Pay processes.  Learn More Better Source-to-Pay Solutions for Better Results We’re adept at analyzing massive amounts of data for our clients faster and more comprehensively than they ever imagined. Our integrated services and tools position us to glean insights that result in savings each and every time.  Recovery Audit      Source To Pay Analytics      Supplier Services      Advisory Services     Delivering Enterprise Results Worldwide PRGX partners with companies around the world to manage a growing system of suppliers, relationships and contracts, so businesses can improve their Source-to-Pay cycle start to finish. 19+ Offices Worldwide  Learn More PRGX News  View All   April 3, 2018 Website Launch 2018   June 2, 2014 Not the Retiring Sort - CEO Profile   May 25, 2014 5 Questions for the Boss Upcoming Events  View All  16 Sep PRGXchange  29 Apr FMI Financial Executives Conference  25 Apr PRGX CPO Roundtable Resources  View All   Product Sheets Duty to Report   Product Sheets Deduction Management   Press Releases PRGX's Tushar Sachdev Named a 2017 CIO of the Year ORBIE Award Winner Let us show you what you've been missing  Let's Talk  back to top Talk to a Person: 888-799-7976 Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions  © 2018 PRGX Global, Inc      PRGX COOKIE ACCEPTANCE POLICY This website uses cookies and other data collection technology to improve the site and to provide you with a more personalized browsing experience. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies as explained in our privacy policy. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information on how we use cookies and how you can manage them. Accept   ×  Country Argentina Brazil Canada Colombia Mexico U.S. Australia China Hong Kong India Malaysia New Zealand Taiwan Thailand Belgium Czech Republic France Hungary Netherlands Poland Portugal Spain UK#^$                              Thursday | April 19, 2018 ProAudit is your source for industry-leading accounts payable recovery services! We are pleased that you have visited our World Wide Web page. Please stay awhile and explore this site to learn more about our company and its unique financial services!   It is a very good question to ask. Click Here to find out the specific reasons WHY our clients look at our service as a benefit to their own agendas and goals!   ProAudit Gazette is our own proprietary newsletter for our corporate staff and field associates. Please Click Here to see a few of the topics we have covered recently. If you would like a copy of any particular article, please email us and we will be happy to send it to you!   about | contact | mission | what we do | join our team | newsletter technology | experience | stories | what's in it for me? | 2nd pass audits  ©1999-2011 ProAudit. All rights reserved. Design by Lunar Media Inc.               #^$          Connect with us  Linkedin    Facebook      Menu    About   About Profectus  The Team  Our Values     Technologies   Vendor Rebate Management  Customer Rebate Management  Contract Compliance     Services   Accounts Payable Audits  Merchandise/Terms Audits  Contract Compliance    Case Studies  Statistics   Events/Insights   All Events  Insights  Breakfasts  RDM User Forum  Webinars    Contacts           Most organisations are still using spreadsheets to store and calculate rebates and deals           Creating Certainty In Business Transactions           1 in 15 rebate agreements contain errors and cause incorrect claims           Profectus has recovered more than $AUD100m of transaction errors in recent years           Most organisations are still using spreadsheets to store and calculate rebates and deals           Creating Certainty In Business Transactions       1 2 3 4 Prev Next       Australia  USA  New Zealand  United Kingdom  Vietnam       Profectus is an international technology and services company that provides leading technologies for rebate and deal management, contract compliance and accounts payable audits.         Is your rebate management watertight?   Rebate Deal Management           Find and recover money, using our latest technologies at the press of a button.   Contract Compliance                  Profectus has recovered more than $AUD100 million of transaction errors in recent years.       Profectus' audit services improve recoveries by up to 36% .       Profectus invest more than over 20% of global revenue in R&D .     VIEW MORE FACTS         TECHNOLOGIES   Rebate Management  Customer Rebate Management  Contract Compliance     SERVICES   Accounts Payable Audits  Merchandise / Terms Audits  Contract Compliance Audits     COMPANY   About  The Team  Our Values  Privacy Policy  Terms & Conditions     INFORMATION   Case Studies  Statistics     GLOBAL OFFICES   Australia  USA  New Zealand  United Kingdom  Vietnam           Copyright © Profectus Group 2018. All rights reserved     Connect with us  Linkedin    Linkedin             #^$      Home Testimonials What We Do Why PAS? Contact Us Login                                Welcome to Professional Auditing Services of America       An Auditing Team Leader - Offering Extreme Services in Customized Accounts Payable Contingency-Based Recovery Audits.  PAS’ Mission is to provide superior recovery service to its clients above all else. We promise to continually strive to provide exceptional attention to consistency and detail for the primary benefit of our clients.   Get our free report detailing our process. Free Report                          What People Say About Us    “Your team is experienced and did not interrupt my Accounts Payable Department.”  University Client   “I would recommend PAS for your next Accounts Payable Audit.”  Manufacturing Client   “Great Audit! Thanks for all your recommendations.”  Medical Center Client               What We Can Do For You  We offer a suite of services, so you can choose the level of review most suitable to your organization's needs. Our standard services can be customized with several additional service options. In all cases, services are paid only from commissions on recovered funds.       Recover Your Lost Money  Professional Auditing Services works with companies ranging from mid-sized to Fortune 500 that want to rapidly recover monies lost through their accounts payables invoice process and with “decision-makers” who want to dramatically improve their accounts payable effectiveness.         Improve Ongoing Spending Flow  Make your company’s cash flow smooth and effective. This translates into higher bottom line profits, lower expenditures and the opportunity to right-size and right-people your procurement department. Also, to quickly recover money that rightfully belongs to you.        Additional Services     Consulting Report  This report adds great detail to the Standard Contingency-Based Invoice Recovery Audit Package's executive summary audit list. We thoroughly describe each claim type and recommend ways to prevent reoccurrences. Copies of this report are made for all A/P department stakeholders. We highly recommend this service-; theoretically, it could be worth the annual price of recovered monies!      Training Session  This option combines the consulting report with a customized training session for your A/P staff based on the report. The training is an engaging half-day session devoted to explaining how to save costs and improve your firm's A/P invoice payment processes. Repeat sessions are available if required for an additional fee per employee, per additional session.      Audit Maintenance  Many of our clients lock in additional savings by scheduling another invoice recovery audit in advance. Your fee for a Standard Contingency-Based Invoice Recovery Audit Package may be reduced if it is ordered before a current project is completed.      A/P Consulting  This exclusive service is available for those clients with special business conditions that warrant our custom expertise. Price is based on an hourly rate, depending on the accounting consultant assigned.          Why Choose PAS?  Even if you think your organization is operating “almost perfectly” our review can show you how much more you could be saving. We guarantee that we will help you find opportunities to cut costs. PAS will provide your organization with more recoveries at the lowest overall contingency fee. We have been servicing clients like you since 1993.       Client Savings  Our goal is to maximize client profitability. We do a financial review to help our clients recover and save money.      Lowest Overall Cost  The PAS Contingency-Based Recovery Audit System will provide the most comprehensive cost analysis and audit recovery of funds for the lowest percentage. PAS typically recovers 60 percent more than other recovery firms.      Experience And Depth  Our in-depth database of industry-wide exceptions is based upon over 21 years of previous experience. We have audited over 100,000 companies. Industries we've worked in include: retail, automotive, health- care, school districts, government agencies, public utilities, parts manufacturers, and more.        Informative Final Report  PAS provides a customized final audit report that identifies internal control and vendor database weaknesses. We explain how the system weaknesses occurred and recommend courses of action to prevent exceptions from reoccurring.      Improved Vendor Relations  We will never recommend a client "short-pay" the vendor without a vendor's full agreement. We want to help you avoid unresolved vendor disputes after the audit has been completed and nurture better vendor relationships!      More Recoveries  Our tracking of repetitive findings allows us to identify additional avenues for recovery and ensures a more comprehensive audit.        A Proven Track Record  We have a proven record of obtaining large recoveries for erroneously processed purchase orders/invoices based upon an analysis of pre-established contract prices. We also ensure that all promotional allowances and rebates have been maximized.      Specialized Software  PAS has unique tested software to identify duplicate payments, overpayments and overcharges.      CPA Supervised  We will provide ongoing communication which includes on-site review and regular phone, e-mail or fax updates from the designated supervisor/licensed Certified Public Accountant.      An Unbeatable Team!  Our staff is dedicated, experienced and professional. Whether your data is manually or electronically transferred, the team will work full time on your case, bringing along an average of seven years experience. Each auditor is motivated to exceed the client's expectations, dedicated to their work and proud of their many outstanding achievements.         Overpayments Come In Many Forms  We Will Investigate 75 Different Types Of Overpayments      Contact Us  How can we help you?  To request a proposal or a list of references, inquire about careers or simply ask us a question fill in the form below.     Name:   Email:   Message:   Captcha:     Submit  Sending        Client Scheduler              Careers  If you are interested in exploring career opportunities with us, submit your resume by fax or email it to careers@pas-cash.com or you can even mail it to us at the address below.     Auditor Assistant  Flexible hours & days available during: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. M-F  Position reports to an audit supervisor      Marketing Associate  Flexible hours & days available during: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. M-F  Position reports to an account manager           Professional Auditing Services  Let us send you our free report        Submit  Sending               29193 Northwestern Hwy, Suite 643 Southfield, MI 48034   800-353-3050    Phone     248-239-0705    Fax     marketing@pas-cash.com    Email                              Chat Offline#^$  What Makes Us Different     Want to know more about what clients say about us?        More Client Testimonials SALES TAX  A complete assessment of sales and use taxes made through the A/P systems. Reconcile errors and prevent future over-payments.   SUPPLIER AUDITS  Thoroughly review, find and fix issues from supplier and vendor invoices over the most recent three-year period.    FREIGHT & PARCEL  Reduce freight and parcel costs- hold your carriers accountable to price incentives, discounts, rebates, and service deliveries.    CANADIAN TAX  Ensure that GST/HST taxes on your Canadian revenue are accurate. Find and recapture any missed exemptions.  LEARN MORE Testimonials        Recovery Audit Services   vendors ­& taxing agencies      Recapture Consulting is looking out for your money, striving to  maximize your savings from recoveries on each and every project.  How We Help  Recapture Consulting helps large and mid-market companies save money by recovering over-payments to vendors and taxing agencies. We find and fix systemic problems causing unnecessary payments.    CFOs and controllers at hundreds of companies, including well known Fortune 500 brands, have relied upon Recapture Consulting to save millions of dollars in recoveries from unintentional over-payments made to suppliers,  vendors and taxing agencies.  Breadth & Depth of Reviews  We don't follow the all too common practice which is to skim for the easy finds and quick recoveries. We are committed to performing the broadest and deepest overpayment reviews. This philosphy is a mindset and part of our culture. We don't do "drive by audits." To support this approach our hiring and compensation plans drive to quality and provide incentives to maximize recoveries.  We are not the biggest firm, nor do we only seek out large clients. These are not our objectives. Since 1999 we’ve attained status as one of the premier boutique cost recovery firms in the country by delivering time and again.    And we don’t follow the standard business model of “more audits faster.” Our business was steadily built on our reputation of staying focused on our primary goal; continuously maximizing net recoveries for each and every client.  Process, Methodology & Technology  Recapture’s data audit process is based upon the best technology available, software tools, and a proprietary set of unique and time-tested algorithms. These unique algorithms employ the power of "fuzzy-matching" so that hard-to-find overpayments and billing anomalies are caught.  Intuition From Greater Knowledge  Advanced data analytics run by machines and software are vitally important and prerequisite to commercial auditing. However, what can make the difference in better decisions and achieving the most favorable outcomes in auditing is grounded in human intuition.    Recapture Consulting Auditors (people with expert intuition)  average over 25 years of domain experience.  It's not only about the software and data. Effective recovery auditing is both a science and an art form based on human judgement. Even a gut feeling of what to ignore, or what to dig deeper into can break open a project. It's our people who lead and mange our client's audits that make the biggest difference in results. We believe it's their expert intuition , refined by greater knowledge from lots of experience is how we can produce maximum recoveries for each and every client.   " You delivered everything promised and more...certainly I would highly recommend Recapture Consulting to others…it makes perfect sense to periodically have an outside, independent, professional organization review for overpayments including uncovering any areas that need addressing.”    - James Cairo,  Dial Corporation                 Home About Services Our Clients Say Contact Us More © 2015 by Recapture Consulting . All Rights Reserved  16810 Ave of the Fountains  Suite 200  Fountain Hills, AZ 85268  480-837-7202   #^$       #^$     Company History  Company History Management  Management Offices  Offices Contact Us  Contact Us                                                                    [printer friendly]   TAG/ICIB has been  serving the transportation industry for 40 years. As the industry has become more complex our staff of experienced professionals have developed systems that provide assistance to our clients in the most important aspect of business: COLLECTING EVERY PENNY THAT HAS BEEN EARNED.  With margins so low no one wants to leave money on the table; few however have systems in place to catch, and correct, the errors that occur daily and result in earned revenue leaking away, often unnoticed. That is where TAG/ICIB comes in. We can help you and we are just an email or phone call away.  Click on the boxes on the left to view all the services we can offer or contact us for general information at ddelano@tagicib.com                          #^$                                                        Copyright © 
                    2002  A. Neuman Associates 
                    Inc.                     Founded by Andrew Neuman, B. Comm., CFE, CVA, CA•IFA, we have 
                become a boutique Forensic Accounting firm specializing in Litigation 
                Support, Forensic & Investigative Accounting Services
              involving Damage 
                Quantification, Family Law, Fraud Detection, White Collar Crime, 
                Personal Injury, Insurance Claims, Dispute Resolution and Due 
                Diligence.  Many of these cases required Expert's Report and Testimony.  At A. Neuman Associates Inc. we adopt the following philosophy:     Present the client with realistic goals and 
                  implement strategies for meeting them;    Remain independent and objective;    Maintain confidentiality;    Anticipate our clients' needs and facilitate 
                  their involvement; and    Be cost effective and achieve the best possible 
                  results.    You are invited to contact us for additional information 
              and to visit our offices in midtown Toronto, Ontario, which were 
              established to provide a convenient location and a professional 
              environment..  We will be delighted to tell you more about how we can assist
              you.                  A. Neuman Associates Inc. 416-223-5991     #^$    Skip universal navigation                      Submit        Services  News  Government  Local     Location   Translate  Select Language ​ ▼                      Services   My Services See all         News     Government     Recommended Search Results  Recommended Search Results       Enter Location   Enter Location      Your location has been updated               Skip to main content  Your browser will need to support JavaScript to use all of the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance web site.   Menu button  Search button  Department of  Taxation and Finance     Log in  Create account     Individuals  Businesses  Property Owners  Tax professionals  Government & Researchers        Search Tax                 Department of Taxation and Finance       Ready, set, file!  From start to finish, our resource center and your Individual Online Services account have everything you need for filing season—and they're open 24/7.  You can:   Verify your tax preparer and know your rights.  See if you qualify for free e-file software.  Check your estimated tax payment account.  Sign up to get an email with your refund issue date.  Respond to a letter from us.  Make a payment.           Popular Services       E-file your return        Make a payment        Check your refund        Register for sales tax            Featured Resources       Choose an online service  We offer a number of online services to fit your busy lifestyle. Respond to a department notice, file a return, or make a payment—anywhere, anytime.   Log in or create an account       Free File your return  If your income was $66,000 or less in 2017, you can use Free File software to e-file your federal and state returns—for free! E-filing is the easiest, fastest, and safest way to file.   E-file for free       Use Sales Tax Web File  Log in to your Business Online Services account to Web File your sales tax returns. With Web File, you can schedule payments in advance, save your bank account information for future use, and update your business information.   Web file your return         Find forms and instructions  If you're viewing this page on your computer, then you're probably required to e-file. However, you can search our forms listings by number or tax type if you want to view instructions or access a form.   Search for a form       Get free tax assistance  If your income was $66,000 or less in 2017, you can visit one of our Facilitated Self Assistance (FSA) sites to prepare and electronically file your return with the assistance of Tax Department employees.   Find a site       Register for STAR  If you've recently bought your home or you've never applied for the STAR benefit on your current home, register! You may save hundreds of dollars each year.   Apply online now           What's New      Estimated tax due date  If you make estimated tax payments and file your income tax or fiduciary return on a calendar-year basis, you have a payment due April 17, 2018.  Pay estimated tax        1099-G Lookup  View and print Form 1099-G, Statement for Recipients of State Income Tax Refunds , online—no account required!  Have at hand one of your New York State income tax returns for one of the past five years, so we can verify your identity.  View Form 1099-G        Property Tax Credit Lookup  Beginning with 2017 property tax credit checks, you can view and print your credit information directly from our website.  View your credits            Featured in April      Extension due date for income tax filers  If you can't file your income tax return on time, you can request an automatic extension of time to file. The extension due date for individual income tax filers is April 17, 2018.  File extension       Federal tax response  We've released our preliminary report on the federal Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA).  Read report       Recordkeeping for individuals  To avoid delays in the processing of your return, claim only the credits and deductions you can prove you’re eligible for. Review our checklists to see if you have all the required documentation.  Review checklists           Department of Taxation and Finance    Get Help   Contact Us  Answer Center  Freedom of Information Law (FOIL)  Taxpayer Rights Advocate  Free interpretation  Feedback     Website   Site map  Privacy  Security  Disclaimer     About Us   About us  Employment  Press  Email/Phishing  Accessibility     Language Assistance   Español  中文版  Русская версия  Italiano  한국어  Kreyòl ayisyen      CONNECT WITH US   Subscribe  Facebook  Twitter  YouTube                              Agencies  App Directory  Counties  Events  Programs  Services               Original text Contribute a better translation #^$