Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display        ×      Home Library Publications The World Factbook      Contact CIA    The Office of Public Affairs (OPA) is the single point of contact for all inquiries about the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).  We read every letter, fax, or e-mail we receive, and we will convey your comments to CIA officials outside OPA as appropriate. However, with limited staff and resources, we simply cannot respond to all who write to us.  Contact Information  Submit questions or comments online  By postal mail: Central Intelligence Agency Office of Public Affairs Washington, D.C. 20505  By phone: (703) 482-0623 Open during normal business hours.  By fax: (571) 204-3800 (please include a phone number where we may call you)  Contact the Office of Inspector General  Contact the Employment Verification Office    Before contacting us:  Please check our site map , search feature, or our site navigation on the left to locate the information you seek. We do not routinely respond to questions for which answers are found within this Web site.  Employment : We do not routinely answer questions about employment beyond the information on this Web site, and we do not routinely answer inquiries about the status of job applications. Recruiting will contact applicants within 45 days if their qualifications meet our needs. Because of safety concerns for the prospective applicant, as well as security and communication issues, the CIA Recruitment Center does not accept resumes, nor can we return phone calls, e-mails or other forms of communication, from US citizens living outside of the US. When you return permanently to the US (not on vacation or leave), please visit the CIA Careers page and apply online for the position of interest. To verify an employee's employment, please contact the Employment Verification Office .  Solicitations to transfer large sums of money to your bank account: If you receive a solicitation to transfer a large amount of money from an African nation to your bank account in exchange for a payment of millions of dollars, go to the US Secret Service Web site for information about the Nigerian Advance Fee Fraud or "4-1-9" Fraud scheme.  If you have information which you believe might be of interest to the CIA in pursuit of the CIA's foreign intelligence mission, you may use our e-mail form . We will carefully protect all information you provide, including your identity. The CIA, as a foreign intelligence agency, does not engage in US domestic law enforcement.  If you have information relating to Iraq which you believe might be of interest to the US Government, please contact us through the Iraqi Rewards Program —                    ×   Library     Home Library Publications The World Factbook           Contact Us Form          Message: *     Email: *    Name:    Phone Number:   Mobile/Cell:      * = required                        ×  Library     Home Library Publications The World Factbook       Report Threats    The United States and its partners continue to face a 
growing number of global threats and challenges. The CIA’s mission 
includes collecting and analyzing information about high priority 
national security issues such as international terrorism, the 
proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, cyber attacks, 
international organized crime and narcotics trafficking, regional 
conflicts, counterintelligence threats, and the effects of environmental
 and natural disasters.  These challenges are international in scope and are priorities for 
the Central Intelligence Agency. If you have information about these or 
other national security challenges, please provide it through our secure
 online form.  The information you provide will be protected and 
confidential. The CIA is particularly interested in information about 
imminent or planned terrorist attacks.  In cases where an imminent 
threat exists, immediately contact your local law enforcement agencies 
and provide them with the threat information.  To contact the Central Intelligence Agency click here.                 skip to content    Central Intelligence Agency  The Work Of A Nation. The Center of Intelligence.     Report Threats  رعربيعربي  Contact      Search CIA.gov  Search     عربي  中文  English  Français  Русский  Español  More Languages     Navigation   Home    About CIA    Today's CIA      Leadership      CIA Vision, Mission, Ethos & Challenges      Headquarters Tour      CIA Museum      History of the CIA      Publications Review Board      Accessibility      FAQs      NoFEAR Act      Site Policies    About CIA  Discover the CIA history, mission, vision and values .   Careers & Internships    Career Opportunities      Student Opportunities      Application Process      Life at CIA      Benefits      Diversity      Military Transition      Tools and Challenges      FAQs      Video Center    Careers & Internships  Your talent. Your diverse skills. Our mission. Learn more about Career Opportunities at CIA .   Offices of CIA    Intelligence & Analysis      Clandestine Service      Science & Technology      Support to Mission      Digital Innovation      Mission Centers      Human Resources      Public Affairs      General Counsel      Equal Employment Opportunity      Congressional Affairs      Inspector General      Military Affairs    Offices of CIA  Learn how the CIA is organized into directorates and key offices, responsible for securing our nation.   News & Information    Blog      Press Releases & Statements      Speeches & Testimony      CIA & the War on Terrorism      Featured Story Archive      Your News    News & Information  The most up-to-date CIA news, press releases, information and more .   Library    Publications      Center for the Study of Intelligence      Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room      Kent Center Occasional Papers      Intelligence Literature      Reports      Related Links      Video Center    Library  Our open-source library houses the thousands of documents, periodicals, maps and reports released to the public.   Kids' Zone    K-5th Grade      6-12th Grade      Parents & Teachers      Games      Related Links      Privacy Statement     Kids' Zone  Learn more about the Agency and find some top secret things you won't see anywhere else.    Library     Secondary Navigation   Library    Publications    Center for the Study of Intelligence    Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room    Kent Center Occasional Papers    Intelligence Literature    Reports    Related Links    Video Center      Home Library Publications The World Factbook                 Please select a country to view World Afghanistan Akrotiri Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Arctic Ocean Argentina Armenia Aruba Ashmore and Cartier Islands Atlantic Ocean Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas, The Bahrain Baker Island Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Clipperton Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Dhekelia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia French Southern and Antarctic Lands Gabon Gambia, The Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City) Honduras Hong Kong Howland Island Hungary Iceland India Indian Ocean Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Jan Mayen Japan Jarvis Island Jersey Johnston Atoll Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kingman Reef Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Midway Islands Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Navassa Island Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pacific Ocean Pakistan Palau Palmyra Atoll Panama Papua New Guinea Paracel Islands Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Southern Ocean South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Pacific Island Wildlife Refuges Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe European Union       ABOUT  History  Copyright and Contributors  Purchasing  Did You Know?   REFERENCES  Regional and World Maps  Flags of the World  Gallery of Covers  Definitions and Notes  Guide to Country Profiles  Guide to Country Comparisons  The World Factbook Users Guide   APPENDICES  A: abbreviations  B: international organizations and groups  C: selected international environmental agreements  D: cross-reference list of country data codes  E: cross-reference list of hydrographic data codes  F: cross-reference list of geographic names  G: weights and measures   FAQ s   CONTACT               The World Factbook provides information on the history, people, government, economy, energy, geography, communications, transportation, military, and transnational issues for 267 world entities. Our Reference tab includes: maps of the major world regions, as well as Flags of the World, a Physical Map of the World, a Political Map of the World, a World Oceans map, and a Standard Time Zones of the World map.         Today
											is:  Thursday, April 19    HELLO                                       About CIA   Today's CIA    Leadership    CIA Vision, Mission, Ethos & Challenges    Headquarters Tour    CIA Museum    History of the CIA    Publications Review Board    Accessibility    FAQs    NoFEAR Act    Site Policies     Careers & Internships   Career Opportunities    Student Opportunities    Application Process    Life at CIA    Benefits    Diversity    Military Transition    Tools and Challenges    FAQs    Video Center   Offices of CIA   Intelligence & Analysis    Clandestine Service    Science & Technology    Support to Mission    Digital Innovation    Mission Centers    Human Resources    Public Affairs    General Counsel    Equal Employment Opportunity    Congressional Affairs    Inspector General    Military Affairs     News & Information   Blog    Press Releases & Statements    Speeches & Testimony    CIA & the War on Terrorism    Featured Story Archive    Your News   Library   Publications    Center for the Study of Intelligence    Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room    Kent Center Occasional Papers    Intelligence Literature    Reports    Related Links    Video Center     Kids' Zone   K-5th Grade    6-12th Grade    Parents & Teachers    Games    Related Links    Privacy Statement   Connect with CIA  CIA Twitter  CIA Facebook  CIA YouTube  CIA Flickr PhotoStream  RSS  Contact Us    * Required plugins  [ Adobe® Flash Player  Adobe® Reader®  MS Word Viewer ]      Footer Navigation  Privacy  Copyright  Site Policies  USA.gov  FOIA  DNI.gov  NoFEAR Act  Inspector General   Contact CIA  Site Map    back to top #^$               Cookies on the BBC website  The BBC has updated its cookie policy. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. This includes cookies from third party social media websites if you visit a page which contains embedded content from social media. Such third party cookies may track your use of the BBC website. We and our partners also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the BBC website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time.    Continue   Find out more              British Broadcasting Corporation Home    Accessibility links   Skip to content  Skip to local navigation  Skip to bbc.co.uk navigation  Skip to bbc.co.uk search  Accessibility Help       BBC News Updated every minute of every day      One-Minute World News                    News Front Page       Africa    Americas    Asia-Pacific    Europe    Middle East    South Asia    UK    Business    Health    Science & Environment    Technology    Entertainment    Also in the news   -----------------   Video and Audio   -----------------   Programmes    Have Your Say    In Pictures    Country Profiles    Special Reports       News Feeds  RSS feed      Related BBC sites   Sport  Weather  On This Day  Editors' Blog  BBC World Service         Country Profiles           Full profiles provide an instant guide to history, politics and economic background of countries and territories, and background on key institutions.    They also include audio and video clips from  BBC archives.   Select a country, territory or international organisation from the menus below.                          Choose a country  Algeria  Angola  Benin  Botswana  Burkina Faso  Burundi  Cameroon  Cape Verde  Central African  Chad  Comoros  Rep of Congo  Dem Rep Congo  Djibouti  Egypt  Equator'l Guinea  Eritrea  Ethiopia  Gabon  Gambia  Ghana  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Ivory Coast  Kenya  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Madagascar  Malawi  Mali  Mauritania  Mauritius  Morocco  Mozambique  Namibia  Niger  Nigeria  Rwanda  Sao Tome/Princip  Senegal  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Somalia  South Africa  South Sudan  Sudan  Swaziland  Tanzania  Togo  Tunisia  Uganda  Zambia  Zimbabwe        Find a territory  Ceuta, Melilla  Puntland  Reunion  Somaliland  St Helena, Ascen  Western Sahara  Zanzibar          Choose a country  Albania  Andorra  Armenia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Belarus  Belgium  Bosnia-Herceg  Bulgaria  Croatia  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Estonia  Finland  France  Georgia  Germany  Greece  Hungary  Iceland  Ireland  Italy  Latvia  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macedonia  Malta  Moldova  Monaco  Montenegro  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Russia  San Marino  Serbia  Slovakia  Slovenia  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Turkey  Ukraine  United Kingdom  Vatican        Find a territory  Abkhazia  Ajaria  Catalonia  Ceuta, Melilla  Channel Islands  Chechnya  Corsica  Crimea  Dagestan  Faroe Islands  Gibraltar  Greenland  Ingushetia  Isle of Man  Kabardino-Balkar  Kaliningrad  Kalmykia  Karachay-Cherkes  Kosovo  Nagorno-Karabakh  North Ossetia  South Ossetia  Trans-Dniester           Choose a country  Antigua/Barbuda  Argentina  Bahamas  Barbados  Belize  Bolivia  Brazil  Chile  Colombia  Costa Rica  Canada  Cuba  Dominica  Dominican Republ  Ecuador  El Salvador  Grenada  Guatemala  Guyana  Haiti  Honduras  Jamaica  Mexico  Nicaragua  Panama  Paraguay  Peru  Suriname  St Kitts and Nev  St Lucia  St Vincent/Grena  Trinidad/Tobago  USA  Uruguay  Venezuela        Find a territory  Anguilla  Aruba  Bermuda  Brit Virgin Isla  Cayman Islands  Curacao  Falkland Islands  Greenland  French Guiana  Guadeloupe  Martinique  Montserrat  Puerto Rico  St Pierre and Mi  Turks and Caicos          Choose a country  Algeria  Bahrain  Egypt  Iran  Iraq  Israel  Jordan  Kuwait  Lebanon  Libya  Mauritania  Morocco  Oman  Qatar  Saudi Arabia  Sudan  Syria  Tunisia  UAE  Yemen        Find a territory  Golan Heights  Palestinian area           Choose a country  Australia  Brunei  Burma  Cambodia  China  East Timor  Fiji  Indonesia  Japan  Kazakhstan  Kiribati  North Korea  South Korea  Kyrgyzstan  Laos  Malaysia  Marshall Islands  Micronesia  Mongolia  Nauru  New Zealand  Palau  Papua New Guinea  The Philippines  Samoa  Singapore  Solomon Islands  Taiwan  Tajikistan  Thailand  Tonga  Turkmenistan  Tuvalu  Uzbekistan  Vanuatu  Vietnam        Find a territory  Cook Islands  French Polynesia  Guam  Hong Kong  Macau  New Caledonia  Niue  N Marianas  Tibet  Tokelau  Xinjiang           Choose a country  Afghanistan  Bangladesh  Bhutan  India  The Maldives  Nepal  Pakistan  Sri Lanka        Find a territory  Kashmir                Find institution  African Union  Arab League  Commonwealth  Council of Europ  European Court  European Union  IAEA  IMF, World Bank  Opec  Nato  Red Cross  United Nations  UN Security Coun       GUIDE TO UNITED KINGDOM    England  Northern Ireland  Scotland  Wales  United Kingdom           BBC Monitoring compiles the country profiles            Skip to top   PRODUCTS & SERVICES   E-mail news  Mobiles  Widgets & Alerts  News feeds  Podcasts         BBC iD Sign in       Search term:      BBC navigation   News  Sport  Weather   Capital   TV  Radio  More…        CBBC  CBeebies  Make It Digital  Food  iWonder    Bitesize  Music  Earth  Arts  Taster    Local  Northern Ireland  Scotland  Wales         BBC links     Mobile site  Terms of Use  About the BBC      Advertise With Us  Privacy  Accessibility Help      Ad Choices  Cookies   Contact the BBC       Parental Guidance       Copyright © 2018 BBC.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more.  This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.                                       #^$   MENU   INDEX  AFRICA  AMERICA  ASIA  EUROPE  OCEANIA    SEARCH  NEW  HELP  ABBREVIATIONS  REFERENCES  GLOSSARY  FAQ            Population Maps     CITY POPULATION  Population Statistics for Countries, Administrative Areas, Cities and Agglomerations – Interactive Maps and Charts      20 th Anniversary      AFRICA  AMERICA  ASIA  EUROPE  OCEANIA       Population Statistics for Countries  Population statistics for all countries of the world are provided. Access is given via continent lists , short cuts below, map index and search page .                         AGGLOs  BY MAP  TOP 10       Agglomerations  (reference date: 2018-01-01)  All urban agglomerations of the world with at least 1 million inhabitants.    World by Map  Several world statistics and charts by tables, maps and charts:  Population  Population Growth Rates  Land Area  Other Topics    Top 10 Cities  The ten most populous cities of selected countries and of their administrative units.        Updates  2018-04-13 Hong Kong (council districts) 2018-04-12 Kyrgyzstan 2018-04-11 Kazakhstan 2018-04-09 Switzerland 2018-04-07 Belarus 2018-04-05 Sweden (localities) 2018-04-04 Scotland (localities & settlements) 2018-04-03 Finland (municipalities) 2018-04-02 Palestinian Territories 2018-03-28 Iceland 2018-03-23 Liechtenstein 2018-03-22 Puerto Rico (municipios) 2018-03-22 USA (counties & metropolitan areas) 2018-03-15 Lesotho 2018-03-13 Faroe Islands       ABBRs  REFs  GLOSSARY  FAQ  HELP       Help & Information  Explanations of abbreviations , a register of references and links , a glossary and
answers to frequently asked questions provide support. Further information is given on the help page.       1998-2018  WWW.CITYPOPULATION.DE   Contact  Terms of use  Search  Settings  Facebook  Twitter  © Thomas Brinkhoff         #^$   Skip to main content            Log in  My account                  Eldis           Select Language ​ ▼           Home  News  Topics Ageing Agriculture and food Aid and debt Children and young people Climate change Conflict and security Corporate Social Responsibility Digital development Education Environment Evidence for policy and practice Finance policy Food security Gender Globalisation Governance Health Health systems HIV and AIDS Livelihoods Migration Norway Nutrition Open Access Participation Poverty Rising powers in international development Taxation Trade Policy  Countries  Blog  Key Issues  Jobs  Contact  Search             You are here Home » Search      Search          Search     Focus topic    Focus topic     No matches found    Focus country    Focus country     No matches found    Type    Documents     Organisations     News, Blog & Key Issues     Show Advanced options  Focus region  All Africa South of Sahara East Asia and Pacific Eastern Europe Europe Latin America and Caribbean Middle East and North Africa North America Polar Regions Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States South Asia    Published between  - 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1995 1990 1985 1980 1975 1970 1965 1960 1955 1950 1945    - 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1995 1990 1985 1980 1975 1970 1965 1960 1955 1950 1945    Publisher     Publisher   Publisher         Results per page  5 10 20 50 100    Sort  Auto (Newest/Relevance) Title (A-Z) Title (Z-A) Relevance (Score) Date added (Newest) Date added (Oldest) Publication date (Newest) Publication date (Oldest)     Reset         Searching Showing 1-10 of 57759 results Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Document Socio - economic consequences of  climate change in Hindu - Kush  Himalaya Center for International Climate Research,  2017 The answer to how climate change will affect Hindu-Kush-Himalaya depends on whom you ask. Some will point at expected changes in climate, others will show what it may do to poor people, and some will express their concerns regarding the economies in the region.  Document Can business-driven fortified foods reach nutritionally vulnerable households? A case study of tiger biscuits Leveraging Agriculture for Nutrition in South Asia,  2018 Fortification of food has been an effective way to address micronutrient deficiency. This paper presents a case study of iron-fortified Tiger brand biscuits of Britannia Industries Limited (BIL).  Document Keeping African girls in school with better sanitary care Impact Initiative,  2018 For young girls in developing countries, not knowing how to manage their periods can hinder access to education. Research from the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), University of London demonstrates that in rural Uganda, providing free sanitary products and lessons about puberty to girls may increase their attendance at school.  Document Farmers’ seed systems in Nepal: review of national legislations Development Fund, Norway,  2017 Seed regulatory frameworks in Nepal were reviewed from the perspective of farmers’ seed systems. Nepal has formulated 17 policy instruments (including draft bills) since 1988 when the first Seed Act came into effect. Of these, 16 are either on plant genetic resources for food and agriculture, or on seed or related to overall agriculture development in Nepal.  Document ESRC-DFID research for policy and practice: women's life choices Impact Initiative,  2018 This collection of ESRC-DFID-funded research identifies critical elements that are important to address if women’s and girls’ lives are to change for the better. The research looks at the mobility constraints experienced by girls and how a lack of access to means of transport hampers their access to paid work, health services, and schooling.  Document Taxing the urban boom: property taxation and land leasing in Kigali and Addis Ababa International Centre for Tax and Development,  2015 Much contemporary economic growth in Africa is driven by urban service sectors including construction and real estate. This manifests in rapidly transforming landscapes and the proliferation of valuable property in the continent’s booming large cities, often accompanied by growing socio-economic inequality.  Document Information technology and fiscal capacity in a developing country: evidence from Ethiopia International Centre for Tax and Development,  2015 Governments in developing countries are typically constrained by a limited fiscal capacity to finance the provision of essential public goods – a constraint that has been cited as one of the fundamental challenges to economic development.  Document Business people’s views of paying taxes in Ethiopia International Centre for Tax and Development,  2016 This study examines factors that determine business people’s attitudes towards paying taxes in Ethiopia.  Document A fiscal history of Ethiopia: taxation and aid dependence 1960-2010 International Centre for Tax and Development,  2016 This paper reviews the fiscal history of Ethiopia, focusing particularly on the period between 1960 and 2010, for which detailed fiscal data is available to underpin the analysis.  Document Determinants of tax revenue in Ethiopia 2018 Fiscal deficit is the core issue of most of the developing countries over the past several decades. The reason behind the large increase in fiscal imbalance is the rapid expansion in expenditure and low revenue collection. Hence, efficient tax system is crucial for these countries.  Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last »                      Site    Home  News  Topics  Countries  Blog  Key Issues  Jobs  Contact  Search           About   Eldis supports free and open access to useful and relevant research on global development challenges. Eldis is hosted by the Knowledge, Impact and Policy team at the Institute of Development Studies in the UK but our services profile work by a growing global network of research organisations and knowledge brokers. These partners help to ensure that Eldis can present a truly global picture of development research. More...          Engage   About  Contact us  Contribute  Get the data  Subscribe                  Copyright © IDS 2017  Unless stated otherwise Eldis original content is available for re-use under a Creative Commons license (CC BY 3.0)  IDS Disclaimer and Cookies            Loading... Original text Contribute a better translation#^$ ISLANDS Web Site   ISLAND
DIRECTORY  Basic environmental
and geographic information  on the significant
islands of the world       Introduction
and explanation  - General
Description and Criteria for Inclusion  - Kinds
of information in the directory  - Notes
on using the directory  - Cautionary
note on data quality  - Origin
and Acknowledgements  Island
Directory (listings accessing data sheets on 2,000 islands)  - Country list  - Alphabetical index
of islands  Comparative
tables  GEOGRAPHIC CHARACTERISTICS  - Islands by land
area  - Islands by altitude (for islands over 400 m)  - Islands by ocean  - More isolated
islands  ISLANDS BY GEOLOGICAL
TYPE  - Atolls  - Low islands  - Raised coral islands  - Volcanic islands  - Continental islands  ECOLOGY AND CONSERVATION  - Islands by conservation
importance  - Islands by total
endemic species  - Islands by number
of endemic land birds  - Islands with protected
areas  ECONOMY, SOCIETY,
HUMAN IMPACT  - Islands by population
density  - Islands by human
impact  - Important islands
at risk  Tools
and sources  - Explanation of
Island Indicators  - Model country
and island entries  - Island Directory
Field List (complete description of each field in the directory)  - References and sources    UNEP
ISLANDS Web Site for other information resources on islands    Site created by Arthur Dahl, Geneva (now retired)  -  dahla @ bluewin.ch  Content last updated 14 September
2004    INTRODUCTION
AND EXPLANATION  Islands have long been noted for their
unique fauna and flora which are particularly vulnerable to disturbance
and destruction by human activities.  They are also of interest for
the special adaptations of island societies, the difficulties of economic
development in an island context, and the challenge of achieving sustainable
development within limited island resources.  With the increasing
rate of global change, islands represent some of the most fragile and vulnerable
resources on the planet.  This Island Directory assembles information
on the significant islands of the world.  It is intended to help those
living on islands or involved in island development and conservation to
understand the environmental problems of islands, to identify islands with
special problems or under particular threat, and to compare and classify
islands globally to show which islands may share common problems and be
able to cooperate in solving those problems.    General
Description and Criteria for Inclusion  This Island Directory provides an annotated
list of nearly 2,000 of the significant islands of the world.  Several
criteria were used to determine how much detail is provided for the selected
islands.  Islands over 17,000 square kilometres are too large to summarize
in this directory format; each should have a book in itself, and receives
only cursory treatment here.  Only oceanic islands are included; those
occurring in freshwater bodies have not been covered.  Small islands
are treated differently depending on their location.  Small islands
close to and not differing from nearby larger land areas are not listed
separately, whereas remote islands of similar size are generally covered. 
Finally, islands in shallow water (with depths of less than 100 metres
to an adjacent land mass) have only been islands since the last ice ages,
with less opportunity to develop unique biological features, and are thus
not treated in the same detail.  In general, less effort has been
made to collect and enter data for the lower priority islands (large, urban,
or in shallow water) and many gaps in the information in this directory
about these islands will be obvious.  The format has been designed to summarize
many kinds of information to give an overview of the geographic, ecological
and human interest of islands.  Where the data available are sufficient,
a variety of indicators are used to make listings and comparisons of islands
easier.  The size of each entry has been adjusted to the amount of
data entered.  It will be apparent that the coverage in
this directory is very uneven.  Some regions and groups are covered
in some detail, while for others it was not possible to obtain or enter
much information with the resources available.  One of the purposes
of this Internet edition is to encourage the compilation of information
to fill in the gaps in this directory.  Similarly, some fields have been included in the database for which data do not generally exist,
but which would be very useful for comparing islands or for responding
to particular problems.  Again it is hoped this will stimulate people
to collect such information.  The deficiencies in the data available
mean that many of the means for comparing and rating island characteristics
in this directory cannot be used to their full potential at present. 
A zero value or the absence of an entry cannot be taken as meaning more
than that the information was not available at the time of compilation.
While the fact that certain islands stand out for their environmental importance
in this directory is significant, the converse is not the case; island
that do not stand out may only be poorly documented, not uninteresting. 
This problem should be diminished as more information is compiled.  The islands are grouped by ocean and country. 
Some appropriate information on each country or territory, such as the
land area, sea area within the exclusive economic zone, population, population
density and estimated growth rate, authority responsible for conservation/environment,
and legislation for conservation, is provided under the country headings
at appropriate places in the directory.  Within these groupings, islands
are listed in alphabetical order.    Kinds
of information in the directory  There is a page for each country or island territory (where this may have separate legal or administrative
arrangements) (see model country page ),
and a page with entries for each island within the country (see model island
entry ).  The country pages include a count of the number of islands
by size, and a variety of demographic, economic, social and environmental
statistics at the country level. There are text entries for administrative
bodies, legislation and non-governmental organizations.  Several kinds of information have been
collected for each island when available, as described below. 
A complete listing of all the fields in the directory is given in the Field
List .  a)   The present name in English, the official name if in another language, and significant former
names if widely used in the literature.  b)   Basic descriptive
information on each island, such as its geographic co-ordinates,
land area (in square kilometres) and maximum altitude or elevation (in
metres), submerged area down to  the 100 metre depth contour (in square
kilometres), length of shoreline (in kilometres), and isolation (distance
to nearest equivalent or larger island, island group and continent).  c)   The island
type (continental, volcanic, atoll, low island, raised coral
limestone, or some combination of these), age, geology and soil types.  d) Climate ,
rainfall, temperatures (maximum, minimum and mean; air and ocean).  e)   The major natural and human catastrophic threats which could endanger
an already vulnerable population or feature, such as cyclones (hurricanes
or typhoons); volcanic eruptions; earthquakes, tsunamis (tidal waves),
landslides and other effects of geological instability; severe drought;
susceptibility to major fires; high risk of oil spills; etc.  f)   The history of human
occupation , historic and prehistoric populations and dates of
colonization, present population (with the year of the census or estimate)
and density (inhabitants per square kilometre).  In the absence of
a population figure, an island should be assumed to be inhabited unless
otherwise stated.  g)   Indicators of human
impact , such as urban areas, airports, types of economic activity
and agriculture, etc.; the state of resources (soil, water, etc.); and
selected indicators of economic  activity.  h)   A brief list of the major ecosystem types or biomes on and around
the island, where this information is available.  For some areas these
data are very incomplete, and the failure to mention an ecosystem does
not mean that it is not present, but only not recorded.  i) Features
of special interest for conservation, such as seabird rookeries,
sea turtle nesting areas, marine mammal resting or breeding sites, lakes
or other unusual habitats, active volcanoes, and other information on the
island's conservation importance.  j)   The size and diversity of
the flora and fauna , such as the total
numbers of species, at least in the best-known categories, where such figures
were available.  k) The numbers of endemic
species (those species occurring only on a particular island
or island group) in the best studied plant and animal categories (plants,
butterflies, land snails, reptiles/amphibians, birds, mammals, and marine
life), as a convenient measure of evolutionary interest or uniqueness;
also the number of species classified as Endangered, Vulnerable, Rare and  Indeterminate, according to IUCN criteria.  l)   The scientific and common names of endemic species and other species of special conservation interest, with brief information
on their habitats and population sizes, and their status (Endangered, Vulnerable,
Rare, Indeterminate, or K -insufficiently known).  The status is capitalized
if determined by the World Conservation Monitoring Centre or indicated
in a Red Data Book, and in lower case if obtained from other sources. 
An asterisk (*) after the name shows that there is some question concerning
the taxonomic status of the species.  m)   Information on introduced
biota , particularly alien or feral species or diseases known
to be invasive on islands and to cause major conservation problems.  n)   The names of terrestrial
and marine protected areas on the island
and their area in hectares.  Recent official proposals for protected
areas may also listed for some countries.  o) References to key papers with information on the island.  p)   For islands with sufficient
data, the entry in the directory includes a series of indicators used to evaluate certain island characteristics.  These include the ecosystem richness reflecting
the number of types of ecosystems present, the species
richness based on the number of species, the individual island and
island group endemics , and the number
of special features , all evaluated
separately for terrestrial and marine areas.  Other general island
indicators are the natural vulnerability based on the kinds of risks of natural or human catastrophes, the natural
conservation status or protection provided by the island's inherent situation, the reliability
of the data on which the listing and evaluation are based, the human
threat measuring the pressure of the people on the land and resources,
the economic pressure related
to the level of development and material lifestyle of the population, and
three aggregate indicators for the potential for human
impact on the island, and for the terrestrial
conservation importance and marine
conservation importance of the island.  The details of the basis
for and calculation of all of these indicators are given in the section: Explanation
of Island Indicators .  The indicators are intended to put the
largely qualitative information about the islands into a form permitting
some comparisons between and rankings of the islands on a country, regional
or world basis.    Notes
on using the directory  - Basic information on each country or
territorial entity is summarized in a country format of some 70 fields. 
Each country page includes a list of links to each island in that country
or territory. The field list explains the contents
of each field on the country page .  - Most of the detailed information in the
directory is in the island format with 120 fields. All the islands within
a country are grouped on the same page, so you can scroll between them. 
The country names on each island page are linked to the country page. The field list explains the contents of each field
on the island page . The indicators are also explained separately.  - The indices and tables provide direct
links to the country and island pages.  - A special feature of this directory is
the "hot colons".  The colon ( :  )
between each heading and its contents is linked to the description of that
heading in the field list, including explanations of the numerical values.
Click on the colon and you have an immediate explanation of the content
of the field. Then use "back" to return to the page.    Cautionary
note on data quality  This directory is a preliminary attempt
to synthesize large amounts of information on an island by island basis
around the world. Many entries are incomplete, or possibly even misleading
if essential information, such as the human population or the fact that
the island is inhabited, have not yet been entered. In addition, the following
specific problems with data quality have affected the result and should
be kept in mind particularly when using the directory to compare islands.  a)   The quantity of available
information is highly variable from one region or island to another. 
A few islands happen to have been studied in detail, perhaps by some scientific
expedition, while others may never have been visited by a scientist. 
For many islands, even basic descriptive information is lacking in the
sources available.  Inevitably the better known islands stand out
in such a survey, and this may in part be an artefact of the data available.  b)   Most islands are still rather
poorly known scientifically, partly because work on one island cannot be
easily generalized to others.  New species are still being discovered
in obvious and well-known categories such as birds and reptiles. 
Other categories such as some types of insects have hardly been looked
at at all.  c)   Information on species is
often only available at larger geographic scales such as island groups,
countries or biogeographic provinces.  This can make it difficult
to know what specifically occurs on any given island.  The regional
distribution of many species is known or mapped, but islands are sufficiently
variable that it is not possible to assume that a species occurs there
just because the island is within the species' known range.  Distributions
can be highly irregular or spotty depending on chance dispersal or extinction
and on local conditions.  d)   The data may be patchy in
different ways.  An island may be well known for birds or land snails,
but hardly at all botanically, or vice versa.  This can have a particular
effect on levels of endemism, which may vary greatly from one type of organism
to another.  Hopefully the gaps identified in this directory will
encourage others to fill them.  e)   The cross-checking of data
from different sources has revealed many errors, to the point that it has
sometimes seemed doubtful that the same island was being described. 
Even figures such as the island surface area or altitude have differed
by up to 50%.  The type of island or the existence of specific features
also sometimes vary between sources.  Some errors maybe obviously
typographical or due to incorrect (or even double) conversion between units
of measure, and these have been corrected where they were identified. 
In other instances, it has been impossible to determine which source of
information is correct, and one has had to be chosen based on the probable
reliability of the source.  Unfortunately errors such as these tend
to be perpetuated from one compilation or study to another, and some have
probably be unwittingly carried over into this one where cross-checking
with authoritative sources was not possible.  f)   Much of the available information
is seriously out of date.  No island stays still in time, and conditions
or features may change from the time when they were described.  Many
sources fail to give the dates for their data, and old information may
be assumed to be current.  Much island information dates from expeditions
early in this century, or from World War II, and it will need to be confirmed
or revised from up-to-date surveys before using it as the basis for important
decisions or conservation actions.  Dates have been added where known
to the types of information in the directory where this may be critical,
as with population figures or the status of a species.  In spite of all these problems and sources
of error, it should be possible to have reasonable confidence in the overall
content of the directory and the results of the review and analysis based
on it.  Enough different types of information have been brought together
to diminish the impact of any single error or data variable.    Origin
and Acknowledgements  This Island Directory is a product of the
Island Database system of nearly 2,000 islands that was first developed
in 1987-89 by Arthur Lyon Dahl under contract to IUCN - The World Conservation
Union with the financial support of the United Nations Environment Programme
(UNEP) and the assistance of the IUCN Task Force on Conservation of Island
Ecosystems and the World Conservation Monitoring Centre. The database is
now maintained by Arthur Dahl at UNEP-GRID Geneva.  It has been redesigned
to generate all the pages of this directory directly in html for easy updating.  Major contributions of data were made to
the original database by the staff of the World Conservation Monitoring
Centre (WCMC) under the supervision of Jerry Harrison, by Timothy H. Johnson of
the International Council for Bird Preservation (now BirdLife International),
and by Christian Depraetere of IRD (formerly ORSTOM).  Many others
contributed in ways too numerous to mention.  A preliminary edition of this Island Directory
was published by UNEP in its Regional Seas Directories and Bibliographies
series, No. 35 (573 pp.), in 1991, but is now out of print.  A new Global Island Database based on Google maps and new satellite data sets will be launched in 2010 by the UNEP/WCMC.   Arthur Lyon Dahl, Ph.D.  12B Chemin de Maisonneuve  CH-1219 Ch‰telaine, Geneva  Switzerland  e-mail: dahla at bluewin.ch     REFERENCES  Dahl, Arthur Lyon. 1991. Island Directory .
UNEP Regional Seas Directories and Bibliographies No. 35. UNEP, Nairobi
(573 pp.)  Dahl, Arthur Lyon. 1986. Review of the
Protected Areas System in Oceania .  IUCN/UNEP, Cambridge and Gland
(239 pp.)    ©
Copyright - United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)  1998  All rights reserved. This
on-line production may be reproduced in whole or in part and in any form
for educational purposes or non-profit purposes without special permission
from the copyright holder, provided acknowledgement of UNEP as the source
is made. The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) would appreciate
receiving a copy of any publication that uses this on-line publication
as a source. No use of this publication may be made for resale or for any
other commercial purpose whatsoever without prior permission in writing
from the United Nations Environment Programme. Requests should be directed
to: Information and Public Affairs, UNEP, P.O. Box 30552, Nairobi, Kenya  This site is not an official
document or publication, and its contents do not necessarily reflect the
views or policies of UNEP.  While every effort has been made to ensure
the accuracy and timeliness of the contents, errors and omissions cannot
be avoided entirely in this type of compilation.  Users are advised
to confirm with the original sources the completeness and accuracy of any
information obtained here.  The designations employed
on this site and the presentations used do not imply the expression of
any opinion whatsoever on the part of UNEP or the United Nations System
or Member States concerning the legal status of any country, territory,
city or area, or its authority, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers
or boundaries.  The sovereignty of a considerable
number of islands is subject to disputes between Governments.  Such
disputes are noted in the entries whenever possible.  The information
on administrative and legal arrangements reflects the de facto situation
where it is known.    Return to Islands
Home Page   Last Updated 22 March 2010 #^$    View this article in our new Beta Experience  Read More About Our Beta Site                        USA Sign In Nat Geo Sites Shop Subscribe Subscribe One Strange Rock Airs Monday, April 23 Travel Destinations Lists Photography Topics                    Photos of the Chinese Town That Duplicated Paris            Photo Gallery 9 Architectural Wonders Inspired by Nature           Pictures of Moscow's Surprisingly Elegant Subway Stations    7 Ancient Sites Some People Think Were Built by Aliens              Latest Stories Photo Gallery 20 Photos 20 Cultural and Natural Wonders in Danger Photo Gallery 13 Photos See Ominous Photos of Crumbling Ex-Soviet Spa Resorts Why You Should Go to Namibia Now Show More    Travel Guides North America Europe Africa Show More     BOOK A TRIP WITH US National Geographic offers a number of guided trips. Find the one for you, whether it's one of our signature expeditions, our active outdoors adventures, or our lower-priced journeys. SEE ALL TRIPS                     Follow Nat Geo Travel                       Newsletters   Get exclusive updates, insider tips, and special discounts on travel and more.  Sign Up Now      Subscribe Now           Trips With Nat Geo   Expeditions  Unique Lodges             Subscribe to Newsletters Sign Up We will never share your e-mail address unless you allow us to do so. View our privacy policy . Easy unsubscribe links are provided in every email. Copyright © 1996-2015 National Geographic Society. Copyright © 2015-2018 National Geographic Partners, LLC. All rights reserved Follow Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Ad Choices Customer Service Jobs                               #^$          Toggle navigation            Categories   Agriculture  Background  Conflict  Cost of living  Crime  Culture  Disasters  Economy  Education  Energy  Environment  Geography  Government  Health  Industry  Labor  Language  Lifestyle  Media  Military  People  Religion  Sports  Terrorism  Transport  Travel  Weather     Countries A-Z     Argentina    Australia    Brazil    Canada    China    Cuba    Denmark    Finland    France    Germany    Greece    India    Ireland    Italy    Japan    Mexico    Netherlands    Norway    Russia    South Korea    Soviet Union    Spain   ... All countries     Top stats     Disposable income    Gun murder rate    Prisoners    Suicide rate    Murder rate    Rapes    Public debt    GDP    GDP per capita    Poverty    Unemployment rate    Education duration    Education spending    Land (comparative)    Land size    Fertility rate    Cancer death rate    Internet usage    Ethnic groups    Divorce rate    Obesity rates    Population      Groups    Catholic countries    Christian countries    Cold countries    Densely populated countries    East Asia and Pacific    Eastern Europe    Emerging markets    English speaking countries    Europe    European Union    Eurozone    failed states    Former British colonies    Former French colonies    Former Soviet republics    Former Spanish colonies    Former Yugoslavian countries    Group of 7 countries (G7)    Heavily indebted countries    High income OECD countries    Hot countries    Island countries   ... All groups              Print        ×                             Break it down: Australian Real Estate, Local Demographic and Amenity Profiles Now On NationMaster .          Learn About Neighbourhoods and Amenities For Any Property in Australia      Get Report              Compare Countries on Just about Anything!  NationMaster is where stats come alive! We are a massive central data source and a handy way to graphically compare nations.     NationMaster is a vast compilation of data from hundreds of sources. Using the forms below, you can get maps and graphs on all kinds of statistics with ease.  We want to be the web’s one-stop resource for country statistics on everything from obesity to murders.             305  countries      China  •  India  •  Russia  •  United States        43  country groups      Europe  •  Group of 7 countries (G7)  •  Least Developed Countries  •  Emerging markets        5037  categories      Crime  •  Murder rate  •  GDP  •  Violent crime        19,814,971  data points      Latest stats     Import > Northernmost point > Latitude   01.01.2018    People > Urban and rural > Population living in cities proper   01.01.2018    Health > Deaths > Percent deaths registered   01.01.2018    Health > Life expectancy > Years of potential life lost from premature death > Females   01.01.2018    Health > Life expectancy > Years of potential life lost from premature death > Males   01.01.2018    Military > Nuclear weapons > Total yield of all tests   01.01.2018    Military > Nuclear weapons > Nuclear tests   01.01.2018    Military > Nuclear weapons > Peaceful use tests   01.01.2018    Military > Nuclear weapons > Test detonations   01.01.2018    Military > Nuclear weapons > Share of all nuclear tests by yield   01.01.2018    Military > Nuclear weapons > Share of all nuclear tests   01.01.2018    Military > Nuclear weapons > Atmospheric tests   01.01.2018    Conflict > War > World War II > Deaths, percent of pre-war population   01.01.2018    Conflict > War > World War II > Military dead   01.01.2018    Conflict > War > World War II > Civilian deaths due to war related famine and disease   01.01.2018    Conflict > War > World War II > Civilian deaths by military and war crimes   01.01.2018    Conflict > War > World War II > Total deaths   01.01.2018    Conflict > War > World War II > Pre-war Roma (gypsy) population   01.01.2018    Conflict > War > World War II > Roma (gypsy) deaths   01.01.2018    Conflict > War > World War II > Jewish, percent killed   01.01.2018     View more      Tables, graphs, maps and pie charts      Category         Agriculture  Background  Conflict  Cost of living  Crime  Culture  Disasters  Economy  Education  Energy  Environment  Geography  Government  Health  Industry  Labor  Language  Lifestyle  Media  Military  People  Religion  Sports  Terrorism  Transport  Travel  Weather             STATS       POPULAR STATS   Crime > Violent crime > Murder rate  Crime > Violent crime > Murder rate per million people  Government > Government type  Crime > Violent crime > Intentional homicide rate      Country facts and stats      Select country                Category             VIEW        Compare any two      Select country                Select country                Category             COMPARE        Recent comments       05.06.2014  In response to anonymous' question: what is the other in Canada's land use category ...  on Canada Geography > Land use Stats: NationMaster.com        25.05.2014  Kosovo is categorized as a landlocked nation in the Balkan region. Kosovo was part of ...  on Top stats for Kosovo: Country profile        25.05.2014  Last month, six Iranian youngsters created their own video version of Pharrell Williams’ HAPPY and ...  on Iran Crime Stats: NationMaster.com        25.05.2014  The World Bulletin.net featured a story that Turkmenistan is being mulled as an ideal ...  on Top stats for Turkmenistan: Country profile        25.05.2014  The World Bank says that Poland has a population close to 39 million in 2013 ...  on Poland Economy Stats: NationMaster.com        25.05.2014  Panama is full of history. In 1914, Panama Canal was unveiled as a first of ...  on Panama Economy Stats: NationMaster.com        25.05.2014  Portugal is coming out from the agonizing economic restrictions inflicted by a three-year economic rescue ...  on Portugal Economy Stats: NationMaster.com        25.05.2014  Peru has remarkable economic indicators that make it an attractive destination for investors in Latin ...  on Peru Economy Stats: NationMaster.com        25.05.2014  The economy of Pakistan has been rising during the last few weeks. The financially weak ...  on Pakistan Economy Stats: NationMaster.com        25.05.2014  Consecutive Norwegian governments have pledged to save the country’s wealth for the welfare of ...  on Norway Economy Stats: NationMaster.com                   Economy stats      GDP    GDP per capita    Poverty    MORE 3720        Trending now         United States & Russian Militaries Compared       The Secret of Japan’s Mysterious Low Crime Rate         Crime stats      Assaults    Police    In the USA    MORE 186         People stats      Population    Population growth rate    Birth rate    MORE 1061         Health stats      Healthcare spending    Teen pregnancy    Male life expectancy    MORE 532         Media stats      Mobile penetration    Broadband penetration    Internet users    MORE 432         Geography stats      Land area    Overview    Climate    MORE 105         Education stats      Teacher student ratio    Spending per student    College enrolment    MORE 911         Cost of living stats      Local purchasing power    Average salary    Rent    MORE 55         Energy stats      Electricity consumption    Gasoline prices    Oil consumption    MORE 2390         Agriculture stats      Agricultural land    Hectares per capita    Indian agriculture    MORE 325         Military stats      Battle deaths    Nuclear weapons    Conscription    MORE 288         Environment stats      Current issues    Air pollution    CO2 emissions    MORE 334                    SEARCH                 “astounding and easy to use”     “a statistician’s dream”  REVIEWS                 Categories  Countries A-Z  Lesson plans  Reviews      About  Student FAQ  Contact  Blog            Facebook  Twitter  Google+        © Copyright NationMaster.com 2003-2018.    All Rights Reserved. Usage implies agreement with terms .            ×  Embed content    Add NationMaster content to your website. Copy code below and paste it into your website.                      ×  Like us on Facebook                           #^$       Next    Continents   Africa  The Americas  Asia  Europe  Oceania/Australia     Countries   Countries A to Z  Sovereign States  Dependent Areas  Countries by Area  Country Population  Island Countries  Human Development Index  Countries by Corruption  Countries and Press Freedom  Country Flags     Cities   Megacities  Famous Cities  Capital Cities Africa  Capital Cities Americas  Capital Cities Asia  Capital Cities Australia  Capital Cities Europe  US Capital Cities  Largest US cities  Airport Cities and Airlines     Landmarks   City Icons  Places of Power  Sacred Mountains     Languages   Languages by countries  Language codes  Most spoken Languages     Maps   Maps by Country  Maps of US States     International   International News  Country Codes  A-Z Country Codes List  Int. Calling Codes  Currency Codes  Airport Codes           One World - The Nations Online Project :: Get In Touch with your Neighbors       USA Since a gambler and show-master, who thinks he can run the third largest country in the world (by area ), became president of the United States , the media is on testosterone. USA  in the news 24/7, globally. But there is a lack of information, a huge deficiency of knowledge, a tremendous number of people on the planet actually don't know much about the United States. There is terrific little knowledge about the United States of America, globally. OK, there is Hollywood in California (thanks to Hotel California and the motion picture industry), people heard about sunny Florida with its funny buildings, inhabited by senior citizens, there is the largest city in the US, New York with the Statue of Liberty (SOL), there is Washington where the president and his 'vice' president run their show, but for example -- a few people outside the US know there is an entire state named Washington , and the same goes for New York , the state. So, let's get started:    50 States    Flag of the United States  Image: © nationsonline.org     50 states, 9,8 million km² (3.8 million sq mi), 326 million people, $62,000 per capita, 1 American Dream.  The United States of America is a federal republic comprising fifty states and the Federal District of Columbia (Washington, D.C. , the capital city of the United States).  The country covers the central part of North America. It originated in the American War of Independence, the successful rebellion of the British colonies (aka The original thirteen states) on the east coast in 1775–83.  In the 19th century the territory of the US was extended across the continent through the westward spread of pioneers, settlers, fur hunters, and gold diggers (at the expense of the American Indian peoples).  Learn more about the US today, see our road trip through all of the 50 States - from Alabama to Zabriskie Point (which is not a state but begins with Z ;).           99+ of the world's most amazing countries   Check out the top up-and-coming travel destinations for 2018. Don't be fooled  by claims like 'Top 10 best destinations on Earth', they deceive you to find your special location on the planet. Because each country is one-of-a-kind in culture, history, people, languages, nature and environment, there is a place you really want to be.  Take a look at the most mind-blowing places on this planet and update your bucket list. This site offers you more open space for top-notch adventures, take your lucky break at blinged-out locations and get some colorful glimpses into foreign  customs and traditions, you might catch some new perspectives and probably expand your horizon for ever.  For each country you will find in-depth information about the nation, its cities and attractions, get local news, board national airlines, find embassies, get information from tourist boards and immerse yourself in an adventure of a lifetime. Delve into the unknown. Find out more about a region's art, history, and culture - where to go, and where not.    All Countries of the World       Canada  United Kingdom  United States    Argentina  Hong Kong  Puerto Rico    Taiwan  Panama  Qatar    Australia  China  Brazil    Indonesia  Italy  Germany    France  Colombia  Japan    Philippines  South Africa  Spain    Egypt  Vietnam  Iran - Persia    Malaysia  Singapore  United Arab Emirates    New Zealand  India  Ghana    Saudi Arabia  Ireland  Bangladesh    Mexico  Thailand  Russia    Turkey  Sri Lanka  Nicaragua    South Korea  The Bahamas  Chile    Bolivia  Cambodia  Mauritius    Austria  Angola  Israel    Venezuela  Norway  Switzerland    The Netherlands  Madagascar  Fiji    Costa Rica  Benin  Algeria    Sweden  Myanmar - Burma  Nigeria    Uganda  Belgium  Greece    Poland  Nepal  Denmark    Senegal  Portugal  Bahrain    Romania  Jordan  Peru    Cuba  Tanzania  Slovenia    Ethiopia  Dominica  Cyprus    Pakistan  Guatemala  Bhutan    Namibia  Maldives  Finland    Papua New Guinea  Jamaica  Azerbaijan    Malta  Morocco  Micronesia    Kenya  Iceland  Ecuador    Belize  Mongolia  Croatia    Greenland  El Salvador  Malawi    Oman  Laos  Guyana             This site is about the many facets of Earth and its inhabitants.    More Countries of the World           Storybook of the U.S. State Capitals  Take a look at some of the most influential cities in the US, and have a close encounter with America's history, from amazing to mediocre.      The Largest Cities on the Planet  Visit  the world’s largest urban areas, gigantic human settlements known as Mega-Cities,  the world's most populous places.        E ART H Gallery  Faces of Earth. Earth is the greatest artwork that we know in our Solar System. The gallery shows images of the Earth's surface to demonstrate that this planet is a unique masterpiece.    In Search for the Truth  Did you had the feeling that you live in a time where your perception of what happens shifted strangely. That you are confronted with statements and behavior of people whose reality seems to be the opposite of everything you know?        Bookmark/share this page              Share 267                     The Nations Online Project .:. www.nationsonline.org .:. let's 
care for this planet .:. no fakes - just facts © Copyright | 1998-2018            Images credit: Sri Lanka - High Contrast; Hong Kong  - Timon Studler; Mexico - Daniel Schwen; Nicaragua - Phayne; Ghana - Stig Nygaard; Bangladesh - NASA; Saudi Arabia - Aiman Titi; Kenya - Key45; Ireland - Joachim Kohler; New-Zealand - Gobeirne; United Arab Emirates - ykeiko; Egypt - Diego Delso; Argentina - Gavieiro Juan M; Spain - Bernard Gagnon; South Africa - Mike Peel; Philippines - Eric Montalban; Japan - Midori; Nigeria - Ulf Ryttgens; Canada - Saffron Blaze; Pakistan - Ali Mujtaba; Indonesia - Heaven's Army; 
    Brazil - Donatas Dabravolskas; China - J. Patrick Fischer; Australia - Pavel Špindler; France - Michelle Maria; Russia - Grechkina Nadejda; USA - MadGrin; UK - Diliff; Italy - Wolfgang Moroder; Bahamas - Bahamas Government; Chile - visit-chile.org ; South Korea - Alexandre Chambon; Israel - Martin Furtschegger; Angola - L. Willms; Switzerland - Chnebelhäx; Norway - Motif Räsänen; Venezuela - Paolo Costa Baldi; Mauritius - Sofitel So Mauritius; Bolivia - Haceme un 14; Benin - Marc Auer; Madagascar - Frank Vassen; Netherlands - Tarod; Fiji - American; Algeria - Zinou de Batna; Costa Rica - Arturo Sotillo; Romania - Calatorinlume; Qatar - Francisco Anzola; Denmark - Sculptor: Edvard Eriksen; Slovenia - Neven Krcmarek; Jordan - David Bjorgen; Bahrain - Wadiia, Panama - Ron Reiring, Papua New Guinea - Anselmo Lastra, Malta - Berit Watkin; Morocco - Annabel Symington; Federated States of Micronesia - Garrett W; Guyana - amanderson; Ecuador - Simon Matzinger; Greenland - Dave Stanley; Belize - Seann McAuliffe; El Salvador - Ramon; all others kk nationsonline.org        #^$               Afghanistan Southern Asia  Albania Southern Europe  Algeria Northern Africa  American Samoa Polynesia  Andorra Southern Europe  Angola Middle Africa  Anguilla Caribbean  Antigua and Barbuda Caribbean  Argentina South America  Armenia Western Asia  Aruba Caribbean  Australia Oceania  Austria Western Europe  Azerbaijan Western Asia  Bahamas Caribbean  Bahrain Western Asia  Bangladesh Southern Asia  Barbados Caribbean  Belarus Eastern Europe  Belgium Western Europe  Belize Central America  Benin Western Africa  Bermuda Northern America  Bhutan Southern Asia  Bolivia (Plurinational State of) South America  Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Caribbean  Bosnia and Herzegovina Southern Europe  Botswana Southern Africa  Brazil South America  British Virgin Islands Caribbean  Brunei Darussalam South-eastern Asia  Bulgaria Eastern Europe  Burkina Faso Western Africa  Burundi Eastern Africa  Cabo Verde Western Africa  Cambodia South-eastern Asia  Cameroon Middle Africa  Canada Northern America  Cayman Islands Caribbean  Central African Republic Middle Africa  Chad Middle Africa  Channel Islands Northern Europe  Chile South America  China Eastern Asia  China, Hong Kong SAR Eastern Asia  China, Macao SAR Eastern Asia  Colombia South America  Comoros Eastern Africa  Congo Middle Africa  Cook Islands Polynesia  Costa Rica Central America  Croatia Southern Europe  Cuba Caribbean  Curaçao Caribbean  Cyprus Western Asia  Czechia Eastern Europe  Côte d’Ivoire Western Africa  Democratic People's Republic of Korea Eastern Asia  Democratic Republic of the Congo Middle Africa  Denmark Northern Europe  Djibouti Eastern Africa  Dominica Caribbean  Dominican Republic Caribbean  Ecuador South America  Egypt Northern Africa  El Salvador Central America  Equatorial Guinea Middle Africa  Eritrea Eastern Africa  Estonia Northern Europe  Ethiopia Eastern Africa  Falkland Islands (Malvinas) South America  Faroe Islands Northern Europe  Fiji Melanesia  Finland Northern Europe  France Western Europe  French Guiana South America  French Polynesia Polynesia  Gabon Middle Africa  Gambia Western Africa  Georgia Western Asia  Germany Western Europe  Ghana Western Africa  Gibraltar Southern Europe  Greece Southern Europe  Greenland Northern America  Grenada Caribbean  Guadeloupe Caribbean  Guam Micronesia  Guatemala Central America  Guinea Western Africa  Guinea-Bissau Western Africa  Guyana South America  Haiti Caribbean  Holy See Southern Europe  Honduras Central America  Hungary Eastern Europe  Iceland Northern Europe  India Southern Asia  Indonesia South-eastern Asia  Iran (Islamic Republic of) Southern Asia  Iraq Western Asia  Ireland Northern Europe  Isle of Man Northern Europe  Israel Western Asia  Italy Southern Europe  Jamaica Caribbean  Japan Eastern Asia  Jordan Western Asia  Kazakhstan Central Asia  Kenya Eastern Africa  Kiribati Micronesia  Kuwait Western Asia  Kyrgyzstan Central Asia  Lao People's Democratic Republic South-eastern Asia  Latvia Northern Europe  Lebanon Western Asia  Lesotho Southern Africa  Liberia Western Africa  Libya Northern Africa  Liechtenstein Western Europe  Lithuania Northern Europe  Luxembourg Western Europe  Madagascar Eastern Africa  Malawi Eastern Africa  Malaysia South-eastern Asia  Maldives Southern Asia  Mali Western Africa  Malta Southern Europe  Marshall Islands Micronesia  Martinique Caribbean  Mauritania Western Africa  Mauritius Eastern Africa  Mayotte Eastern Africa  Mexico Central America  Micronesia (Federated States of) Micronesia  Monaco Western Europe  Mongolia Eastern Asia  Montenegro Southern Europe  Montserrat Caribbean  Morocco Northern Africa  Mozambique Eastern Africa  Myanmar South-eastern Asia  Namibia Southern Africa  Nauru Micronesia  Nepal Southern Asia  Netherlands Western Europe  New Caledonia Melanesia  New Zealand Oceania  Nicaragua Central America  Niger Western Africa  Nigeria Western Africa  Niue Polynesia  Northern Mariana Islands Micronesia  Norway Northern Europe  Oman Western Asia  Pakistan Southern Asia  Palau Micronesia  Panama Central America  Papua New Guinea Melanesia  Paraguay South America  Peru South America  Philippines South-eastern Asia  Poland Eastern Europe  Portugal Southern Europe  Puerto Rico Caribbean  Qatar Western Asia  Republic of Korea Eastern Asia  Republic of Moldova Eastern Europe  Romania Eastern Europe  Russian Federation Eastern Europe  Rwanda Eastern Africa  Réunion Eastern Africa  Saint Helena Western Africa  Saint Kitts and Nevis Caribbean  Saint Lucia Caribbean  Saint Pierre and Miquelon Northern America  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Caribbean  Samoa Polynesia  San Marino Southern Europe  Sao Tome and Principe Middle Africa  Saudi Arabia Western Asia  Senegal Western Africa  Serbia Southern Europe  Seychelles Eastern Africa  Sierra Leone Western Africa  Singapore South-eastern Asia  Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Caribbean  Slovakia Eastern Europe  Slovenia Southern Europe  Solomon Islands Melanesia  Somalia Eastern Africa  South Africa Southern Africa  South Sudan Eastern Africa  Spain Southern Europe  Sri Lanka Southern Asia  State of Palestine Western Asia  Sudan Northern Africa  Suriname South America  Swaziland Southern Africa  Sweden Northern Europe  Switzerland Western Europe  Syrian Arab Republic Western Asia  Tajikistan Central Asia  Thailand South-eastern Asia  The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Southern Europe  Timor-Leste South-eastern Asia  Togo Western Africa  Tokelau Polynesia  Tonga Polynesia  Trinidad and Tobago Caribbean  Tunisia Northern Africa  Turkey Western Asia  Turkmenistan Central Asia  Turks and Caicos Islands Caribbean  Tuvalu Polynesia  Uganda Eastern Africa  Ukraine Eastern Europe  United Arab Emirates Western Asia  United Kingdom Northern Europe  United Republic of Tanzania Eastern Africa  United States Virgin Islands Caribbean  United States of America Northern America  Uruguay South America  Uzbekistan Central Asia  Vanuatu Melanesia  Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) South America  Viet Nam South-eastern Asia  Wallis and Futuna Islands Polynesia  Western Sahara Northern Africa  Yemen Western Asia  Zambia Eastern Africa  Zimbabwe Eastern Africa    #^$                                                                                 SEARCH:         Browse Catalog   By Title  By Country  New Releases  Buy Online  _______________  All Features  All Documentaries  All Shorts  Books  Other                  Home > Our Catalog > By Country / Title               First Page 1 of 2 Next  Last      100% Arabica    Mahmoud Zemmouri 1997, 85 minutes      [ click here for more info]  Available for online sale        click for details          Arab Cinema: History and Cultural Identity    Viola Shafik—author 2007, 255 pages    Combing detailed narrative history with thought-provoking analysis, this study provides extensive coverage of cinema in the Arab World, tracing the industry's development from colonial times to the present.  It analyzes the ambiguous relationship with co  [ click here for more info]  Available for online sale        click for details          Beat of Distant Hearts: Art of Revolution In Western Sahara    Danielle Smith 1999, 45 minutes    Through the lives and works of poets, singers and painters, Beat of Distant Hearts explores the collective experience of exile, loss and war in Western Sahara.  [ click here for more info]  Available for online sale        click for details          Chronicle of the Years of Embers    Mohamed Lakhdar-Hamina 1975, 175 minutes    Winner of the Palm d'Or at Cannes in 1975, this epic film will be screened at the UW Cinematheque in Madison, Wisconsin on Thursday, July 24. For more info, visit their website: http://cinema.wisc.edu  [ click here for more info]  Available for online sale        click for details          Desert Ark, The & Daratt (Dry Season)    Mohamed Chouikh 1997, 90 minutes    Two teenagers from opposite sides of the tracks fall in love, their forbidden relationship pitting family against family.  [ click here for more info]  Available for online sale        click for details          Living In Paradise    Bourlem Guerdjou 1998, 105 minutes    Set in France in 1961-1962, during the Algerian War, Living In Paradise focuses on Lakhdar, an immigrant construction worker living in the Nanterre shantytown. He can no longer bear living without his wife and children whom he has left in Southern Algeria  [ click here for more info]  Available for online sale        click for details          Omar Gatlato    Merzak Allouache 1976, 90 minutes    A watershed film, OMAR GATLATO held a mirror up to Algerian male culture and the mirror cracked.  In mock documentary style, a young man recounts with wry commentary a typical day in his life in the Bab el-Oued quarter of Algiers, while the  [ click here for more info]  Available for online sale        click for details          Rai Story: From Cheikha Rimitti to Cheba Djenet    Madeleine Verschaffelt & Ahmed Rachedi 2004, 58 minutes      [ click here for more info]  Available for online sale        click for details            First Page 1 of 2 Next  Last        BROWSE FILMS BY COUNTRY        BROWSE FILMS BY TITLE     A | B | C | D | E-F | G-H | I-K | L-M | N-O | P-R | S | T | U-V | W-Z                  back to top          Home | Home Video Sales | In Theaters | Institutional Sales | Events | Festivals  TV Sales | Stock Footage | Order Info | About Us | Contact Us          don't use this lure --> contact us <-- don't use this email address                #^$    Menu Search Language English Français Site search Search keyword(s): Search Home Countries Countries Regions Countries North Africa North Africa Algeria Egypt Libya Mauritania Morocco Tunisia West Africa West Africa Benin Burkina Faso Cape Verde Côte d’Ivoire Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Togo East Africa East Africa Burundi Comoros Djibouti Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Rwanda Seychelles Somalia Sudan South Sudan Tanzania Uganda Central Africa Central Africa Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Congo Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Madagascar Southern Africa Southern Africa Angola Botswana Lesotho Malawi Mauritius Mozambique Namibia São Tomé & Príncipe South Africa Swaziland Zambia Zimbabwe Non-Regional Member Countries Countries         A    Algeria  Angola      B    Benin  Botswana  Burkina Faso  Burundi      C    Cameroon  Cape Verde  Central African Republic  Chad  Comoros  Congo  Democratic Republic of Congo  Côte d’Ivoire      D    Djibouti           E    Egypt  Eritrea  Equatorial Guinea  Ethiopia      G    Gabon  Gambia  Ghana  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau      K    Kenya      L   Lesotho  Liberia  Libya           M    Madagascar  Malawi  Mali  Mauritania  Mauritius  Morocco  Mozambique      N    Namibia  Niger  Nigeria      R     Rwanda       S    São Tomé & Príncipe  Senegal  Seychelles  Sierra Leone             Somalia  South Africa  South Sudan  Sudan  Swaziland      T    Tanzania  Togo  Tunisia      U    Uganda      Z    Zambia  Zimbabwe             Topics & Sectors Topics & Sectors Topics Topics Civil Society Employment Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Financial Crisis Food Production Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) Partnerships Poverty Reduction Quality Assurance & Results Regional Integration Sanctions System Structural Transformation Youth Ebola Nutrition Independent Development Evaluation (IDEV) Independent Review Mechanism (IRM) Initiatives & Partnerships Initiatives & Partnerships Access to finance for SMEs through FIs Adaptation Benefit Mechanism (ABM) Africa Climate Change Fund Africa NDC Hub Africa Trade Fund Africa50 African Fertilizer Financing Mechanism African Financial Markets Initiative (AFMI) African Financing Partnership African Guarantee Fund for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises African Legal Support Facility African Natural Resources Centre African Carbon Support Program African Peer Review Mechanism Africa Visa Openness Index African Water Facility African Women in Business Initiative Agriculture Fast Track (AFT) Fund Aid for Trade Trust Fund Boost Africa: Empowering Young African Entrepreneurs Climate for Development in Africa (ClimDev-Africa) Initiative Climate Investment Funds (CIF) Congo Basin Forest Fund Deauville Partnership Debt Relief Initiatives Emergency Liquidity Facility (ELF) Enhanced Private Sector Assistance for Africa: EPSA Initiative Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative Fragility & Resilience Fund for African Private Sector Assistance Global Environment Facility (GEF) Green Bond Program Green Climate Fund Green Growth Initiative Health in Africa Fund High-Level Panel on Fragile States Information Centre for the Extractives Sector Investment Climate Facility Making Finance Work for Africa Partnership Microfinance Multidonor Trust Fund Middle Income Countries Migration and Development Initiative Multi-Donor Governance Trust Fund Multidonor Water Partnership Program Multi-Partner Somalia Infrastructure Fund (SIF) Jobs for Youth in Africa NEPAD NEPAD Infrastructure Project Preparation Facility (NEPAD-IPPF) Programme for Infrastructure Development in Africa (PIDA) Power Africa Initiative Rural Water Supply & Sanitation Initiative Seed Capital Assistance Facility (SCAF) Social Bond Program South-South Cooperation Trust Fund Sustainable Energy for All (SE4ALL) Sustainable Energy Fund for Africa STAARS: structural transformation of African agriculture and rural spaces Strategic Partnership with Africa Trade Finance Program Zimbabwe Multi-Donor Trust Fund AfDB - OECD Joint Initiative Sectors Sectors Agriculture & Agro-industries Climate Change Economic & Financial Governance Education Energy & Power Environment Gender Health Human Capital Development Information & Communication Technology Infrastructure Private Sector Transport Water Supply & Sanitation Projects & Operations Projects & Operations MapAfrica Project Portfolio Selected Projects Project Cycle Project Cycle Project identification Project preparation Project appraisal Loan negotiation Board approval Loan signing Loan effectiveness Implementation Post evaluation Financial Products Financial Products African Development Bank African Development Fund Procurement Procurement New Procurement Policy Consultancy Services (E-Consultant) Resources for Businesses Resources for Borrowers Tools & Reports Frequently asked questions Debarment and Sanctions Procedures Projects Procurements Services Contacts Project Related Procurement Financial Management Financial Management Levels of financial management Other useful information Financial Reporting Financial management policies & procedures Financial Management Services Contacts Data Portal News & Events News & Events News Projects Stories Press Releases Loans & Grants Loans & Grants Approvals Agreements Speeches Interviews Events Calendar Events Calendar Upcoming Past Advanced Search Multimedia Documents Documents Administrative Tribunal Administrative Tribunal Application Form Judgment Statute Board Documents Board Documents Board of Directors Documents Board of Governors Documents Budget Documents Compliance Reviews Compliance Reviews Requests Register Boards of Directors Resolutions IRM Annual Report IRM Operating Rules and Procedures Corporate Procurement Corporate Procurement Invitation for Bids (IFB) Requests for proposals (RFP) Departmental Annual Reports Environmental & Social Assessments Environmental & Social Assessments Environmental and Social Impact Assessments (ESIAs) Environmental and Social Management Plans (ESMP) Executive Summary of Environmental and Social Impact Assessments Evaluation Reports Evaluation Reports Annual Reports on Evaluation Completion Report Reviews Corporate Evaluations Country Assistance Evaluations Country Sector Reviews and Case Studies Evaluation Approach Papers and Terms of Reference Evaluation Guidelines and Tools Evaluation Management Response Evaluation Report Summary Evaluation Work Programme Evaluation Working Paper Evaluation Workshop Proceedings Process Reviews Project Evaluations Sector, Thematic and Policy Reviews Evaluation Newsletter Financial Information Financial Information AfDB Ratings Borrowing Documentation Debt Funding Programmes Debt Servicing Handbook Disbursement Handbook Exchange rates Financial Policy Papers Financial Presentations Financial Products Financial Statements and Data Lending Rates Post-Conflict Country Initiative Documents (PCC) Risk Management Integrity & Anti-Corruption Reports Integrity & Anti-Corruption Reports IFI’s Uniform Framework & Principles and Guidelines for Investigators Integrity Annual Reports Progress Reports Knowledge Knowledge African Economic Conference Annual Meetings Seminars Legal Documents Legal Documents Loan and Grant Conditions Partnership Agreements Policy Documents Policy Documents Sectoral Policies Policies on Cross Cutting Issues Financing Policies Debt Management Policy Guidelines and Procedures Strategy Documents Strategy Documents Sectoral Strategies Strategies on Cross Cutting Issues Special Initiatives Project & Operations Project & Operations Annual Portfolio Performance Review (APPR) Country Dialogue Papers Country Financial Accountability Assessment (CFAA) Country Gender Profiles Country Governance Profiles Country Performance Assessment (CPA) Country Portfolio Performance Review Country Strategy Papers Economic and Sector Work Emergency and Special Assistance Grants Monthly Economic Review Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers Project Appraisal Reports Project Summary Note Project/Programme Completion Reports Project Studies Project-related Procurement Project-related Procurement AfDB Business Bulletin Policies and Procedures Procurement Notices Procurement Reports Procurement Statistics Quarterly Operational Summary (QOS) Standard Bidding Documents Publications Publications AfDB Statistics Pocket Book AfDB in 10 AfDB in Brief Africa Competitiveness Report African Development Report Africa and Global Economic Trends Quarterly Review African Statistical Journal African Statistical Yearbook Annual Report Compendium of Statistics on AfDB Group Operations Country Brochure Economic Briefs National Strategy for the Development of Statistics (NSDS) Gender, Poverty and Environmental Indicators on African Countries MDG Report Newsletters Policy Briefs Working Paper Series Knowledge Knowledge Macro-economics Policy, Forecasting and Research Macro-economics Policy, Forecasting and Research About Us Publications Economics & Research Contacts Statistics Statistics About Us Statistical Capacity Building Africa Information Highway (AIH) Partnerships Publications African Development Institute African Development Institute About Us Capacity Building Strategic Cooperation The Eminent Speakers Lecture Series Information and Library Services African Development Institute Contacts Publications Publications The AfDB Statistics Pocketbook African Statistical Yearbook African Development Report Africa Competitiveness Report Africa Tourism Monitor Africa and Global Economic Trends Quarterly Review African Economic Outlook African Statistical Journal Country Assessment of Agricultural Statistical Systems in Africa Annual Report ICP Results Capacity Focus Compendium of Statistics on Bank Group Operations Development Effectiveness Reviews Economic Briefs National Strategy for the Development of Statistics (NSDS) GDP Compilation in African Countries Gender, Poverty and Environmental Indicators on African Countries Guidelines for Building Statistical Business Registers in Africa Labour Force Data Analysis: Guidelines with African Specificities Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) Report Policy Briefs Safeguards and Sustainability Series Tracking Africa’s Progress in Figures Agricultural Statistics Capacity Indicators (ASCIs) Working Papers About us About us Mission & Strategy Mission & Strategy AfDB's Strategy Context Objectives Operational priorities Areas of special emphasis Financing the Strategy Support transformation Corporate Information Corporate Information African Development Bank (AfDB) African Development Fund (ADF) Nigeria Trust Fund (NTF) History Members Our Values Financial Information Organisational Structure Organisational Structure Board of Governors Board of Directors The President Departments and Complexes Integrity and Anti-Corruption Auditor General's Office Independent Development Evaluation Independent Review Mechanism (IRM) Administrative Tribunal General Counsel & Legal Services Department Communication and External Relations Careers Careers Current Vacancies Application Process Working with us Employment of short term staff Internship Programme Young Professionals Program (YPP) Japan Africa Dream Scholarship (JADS) Program Expressions of interest for consultants Corporate Procurement Corporate Procurement Expression of Interest for Junior Consultants Procurement Notices Contract Awards Vendor kiosk Forms & Documents Corporate procurement services contacts Frequently asked questions Contact us Contact us Field Offices Contacts Home Countries North Africa Algeria          In this section Algeria Economic Outlook Algeria Selected Projects Algeria and the AfDB Algeria Knowledge Products   Algeria      Algeria and the AfDB Since the start of its operations in Algeria in 1971, the Bank Group approved 40 operations for a total cumulative amount of almost UA 2.1 billion.  The sector distribution of operations shows that the infrastructure sector (transport, water and sanitation, energy) represents 43 per cent of approvals, followed by programs to support reforms (22 per cent), financial sector and industry (20 per cent), agriculture (11 per cent) and education (four per cent).  Read more    Algeria Economic Outlook Real GDP growth fell from 3.3% in 2016 to an estimated 2.5% in 2017. The decline is attributable to lower public investment due to declining government resources, despite stable growth in oil and gas since 2015. Projected growth for 2018 (3.5%) and 2019 (3.8%) suggests a return to levels comparable to those prior to 2017, due in part to fiscal consolidation, external rebalancing, continued recovery in oil and gas, and higher public spending. Inflation reached an estimated 5.3% in 2017 and is projected to fall to 4.5% in 2018 and 4% in 2019.  Read more             Key Facts    Flag:     Capital:  Algiers    Area:  2,382,000 sq km    Total Population 2017:  41.1 Million       Urban Population 2017:  73.50%    Female Population 2017:  49.70%    GDP:  US$ 170.3 Billion    GNI Per Capita 2015:  US$ 4,870    Inflation Rate:  3.98%    Crude Birth Rate (per 1000):  22.10%    Human Development Index (rank / 188):  83    Human Development Index (scale 0 to 1):  0.745    Membership Date:  10/09/1964    Cumulative Approvals (1967-2016):  UA 2.6 Billion      Show more facts               Location View detailed map       Activity     Latest Videos      13/02/2013 - Assitan Diarra-Thioune, AfDB’s...       09/02/2011 - Interview - Algeria, Omar Bougara       04/08/2010 - Algeria - 40 Years of Partnership                Project Portfolio     Reference  Project  Status      P-DZ-K00-007   PROGRAMME D’APPUI BUDGÉTAIRE À LA COMPÉTITIVITÉ INDUSTRIELLE ET ENERGÉTIQUE (PACIE)  Categories:  Algeria , Economic & Financial Governance   Ongoing OnGo    P-DZ-EAZ-003   ASSISTANCE TECHNIQUE POUR L'ELABORATION D'UN SIG AU PROFIT DE L'ANRH  Categories:  Algeria , Water Supply & Sanitation   Ongoing OnGo     View all projects         Selected Projects La Route Transsaharienne : un projet d’environ 10 000 km       News     News    Latest news   16/04/2018 -  African Development Bank releases first-ever highlights of 2018 African Economic Outlook in Arabic, Hausa and Kiswahili  12/04/2018 -  African Development Bank expresses its most sincere condolences to government and families following Algerian military plane crash  07/03/2018 -  African Development Bank at the centre of "a great Africa moment": North African Governors     More news     Knowledge Products    Measuring inclusive growth: from theory to applications in North Africa    The Role of Nascent Entrepreneurship in Driving Inclusive Economic Growth in North Africa            KEY DOCUMENTS   Country Strategy Papers  Country Dialogue Papers  Project Appraisal Reports  Project Studies  Emergency and Special Assistance Grants  Project/Programme Completion Reports  Country Performance Assessment (CPA)  Environmental and Social Impact Assessments (ESIAs)  Projects Performance Evaluation Report  Country Assistance Evaluations  Country Sector Reviews and Case Studies  Country Portfolio Performance Review              Documents    Algeria - Interim Country Strategy Paper (ICSP) - 2016-2018  (1.4 MB)  Algeria - Combined 2011-2012 Dialogue Note Completion Report and Country Portfolio Performance Review 2012  (774 kB)  2011-2012 - Algeria - Country Dialogue Note  (832 kB)       USEFUL LINKS Open Data for Algeria Loans & Grants Procurement Project Portfolio       Contacts    Bureau national de l'Algérie  Groupe de la Banque africaine de développement 3 Rue Hamdani Lahcène, Hydra BP 148 Algiers, Algérie  Tél :  (213) 21 43 53 95 Fax : (213) 21 43 53 92  M. Boubacar Traore , Représentant Résident    Regional Development, Integration and Business Delivery Office (RDIB)  Director General, Mr. Mohamed El Azizi   African Development Bank Group Immeuble Zahrabed Avenue du Dollar, Les Berges Du Lac II, Tunis 1053, Tunisia  Tel: (+216) 71102953 Fax: (+216) 71194523          North Africa Algeria Algeria Economic Outlook Algeria Selected Projects Algeria and the AfDB Algeria Knowledge Products Egypt Libya Mauritania Morocco Tunisia West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa Non-Regional Member Countries            Terms & Conditions Disclosure and Access to Information Sitemap Search Glossary RSS Feeds Facebook Twitter Instagram Photos Flickr Photos Youtube Videos RSS Email © 2018 African Development Bank Group Web design agency - Liquid Light         A    Algeria  Angola      B    Benin  Botswana  Burkina Faso  Burundi      C    Cameroon  Cape Verde  Central African Republic  Chad  Comoros  Congo  Democratic Republic of Congo  Côte d’Ivoire      D    Djibouti           E    Egypt  Eritrea  Equatorial Guinea  Ethiopia      G    Gabon  Gambia  Ghana  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau      K    Kenya      L   Lesotho  Liberia  Libya           M    Madagascar  Malawi  Mali  Mauritania  Mauritius  Morocco  Mozambique      N    Namibia  Niger  Nigeria      R     Rwanda       S    São Tomé & Príncipe  Senegal  Seychelles  Sierra Leone             Somalia  South Africa  South Sudan  Sudan  Swaziland      T    Tanzania  Togo  Tunisia      U    Uganda      Z    Zambia  Zimbabwe                 #^$    Select Language ​ ▼     Skip to main content   Register  Log in     The Economist Intelligence Unit    Country  Industry    Automotive  Consumer goods  Energy  Financial services  Healthcare  Telecommunications  Commodities     Risk    Credit Risk  Operational Risk     Data    Data Tool  Market Explorer     Special reports        Search   Search       Our site uses cookies.  By continuing to browse you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our cookies information page for more details. X              My EIU   Industry  Telecommunications     Telecommunications       back to landing    Countries   Americas  Argentina Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Ecuador Mexico Peru United States Venezuela  Asia  Australia China Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore South Korea Sri Lanka Taiwan Thailand Vietnam  Europe  Austria Azerbaijan Belgium Bulgaria Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Kazakhstan Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom  Middle East and Africa  Egypt Iran Israel Nigeria Saudi Arabia South Africa United Arab Emirates     Subsectors    Fixed  Internet  Mobile      Companies    Alcatel-Lucent  America Movil  Apple  AT&T  Bharti Airtel  BT  China Mobile  China Telecom  China Unicom  Deutsche Telekom  Ericsson  Etisalat    Google  Huawei  Idea Cellular  Microsoft  Nokia  NTT DoCoMo  Orange  Reliance Communications  Samsung Electronics  Singtel  SK Telecom  Softbank    Telecom Italia  Telefonica  Telenor  TeliaSonera  Telstra  Verizon  Vimpelcom  Vodafone  Xiaomi  ZTE      Themes      Regulatory policy and implications       Next generation mobile services       Broadband build-out       Network operators' competitive challenges         Not subscribed? Apply for a free trial here                       Brexit: the effect on telecoms  AT&T to compensate Mexican users  Telefônica Brasil to expand fibre network          Latest insights See all    April 18th 2018 | Multiple countries | Telecommunications | Multiple companies  US imposes export ban on China's ZTE   China's recent duties on US sorghum will pale in comparison to the global implications of the penalties on ZTE.     April 17th 2018 | Multiple countries | Mobile | Multiple companies  Reliance Jio raises US$473m from Japanese banks   The Indian telecoms provider plans to use the loan to fund capital expenses.     April 13th 2018 | Indonesia | Mobile | Multiple companies  Indonesia blocks about 101m SIM cards in March   The move affected customers of most of the country's operators—Telkomsel, 3 Indonesia, Indosat, XL Axiata and Smartfren.       Mobile penetration, 2018 (subscriptions per 100 people) Eastern Europe Western Europe North America Middle East and North Africa Latin America Asia and Australasia Sub-Saharan Africa 0 25 50 75 100 125 150 175 Source: The Economist Intelligence Unit  Mobile penetration, 2018, (subscriptions per 100 people), Source: The Economist Intelligence Unit     Eastern Europe  Western Europe  North America  Middle East and North Africa  Latin America  Asia and Australasia  Sub-Saharan Africa    2018  159.0  151.0  132.0  119.0  113.0  106.0  96.6     Mobile telecoms revenue, 2018 (US$ bn) Latin America Asia and Australasia North America Western Europe Eastern Europe 0 200 400 600 800 1 Source: The Economist Intelligence Unit  Mobile telecoms revenue, 2018, (US$ bn), Source: The Economist Intelligence Unit     Latin America  Asia and Australasia  North America  Western Europe  Eastern Europe    2018  785,666.0  337,591.0  304,499.0  129,263.0  26,844.0           World outlook    World Telecommunications Outlook July 2017  July 1st 2017     World telecommunications outlook    Key forecasts    Infrastructure and networks    Services and content    Connected devices    Policy and regulation                Error loading player: No playable sources found    Industry Briefing   Runtime: 08:05        Tweets by @TheEIU                       The EIU   About us  Media Directory  Careers     Products and services   EIU Store  EIU Consumer  EIU Healthcare  EIU Public policy  EIU China  Consultancy solutions  Economist Corporate Network  Licensing & permissions  Regulatory affairs  Speaker Services  Syndication     Help Centre   Contact us  Tutorials     Privacy   Privacy policy  Cookies  Terms of access     The Economist Group   The Economist  The Economist Events  EIU Perspectives  CQ Roll Call  EuroFinance       The Economist Group © 2018 The Economist Intelligence Unit Limited.  All rights reserved.                          Original text Contribute a better translation #^$   Skip to main content         Log in Sign up    Current language: English (en) Français (fr)    An official website of the European Union. See all European Institutions    European Union  European External Action Service  European Commission  European Parliament  European Council  All EU Institutions             Delegation of the European Union to Algeria         View RSS feed https://www.flickr.com/photos/union_europeene_en_algerie/ https://www.facebook.com/union.europeenne.en.algerie Subscribe to newsletters and alerts          Search                                                 About  Relations with the EU  Projects  Travel & Study  Press & Media  Jobs & Funds  Contact us          EEAS homepage > Algeria > Delegation of the European Union to Algeria               Delegation of the European Union to Algeria                      17/04/2018  Le programme PAJE au service de l'économie sociale et solidaire         28/04/2018  Master classe: comment produire un court métrage en 48h?         09/04/2018  Appel à candidature : Programme des visiteurs de l'Union Européenne 2019    More                Latest       16/01/2018  La Délégation de l'Union européenne recrute un chauffeur      11/04/2018  La Délégation de l'Union européenne en Algérie présente ses condoléances suite à l'accident aérien de Boufarik      06/04/2018  Pour un développement rural durable des oasis  du sud algérien      22/03/2018  Declaration by the High Representative on behalf of the EU to commemorate the World Water Day, 22 March 2018      21/03/2018  Declaration by the High Representative on behalf of the EU on the International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination    More              In Focus       Jobs & Funds    The EU offers jobs to citizens in different ways, it also offers public contracts and provides funding in the form of grants to support projects and organisations.    More         Travel & Study    Since the creation of the so-called Schengen Zone travel between EU countries has become much easier.Quality, diversity, and opportunity are among the many benefits of European higher education institutions.    More                        /file/international-day-elimination-violence-against-women-0_enInternational Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women    Video of International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women        International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women       /file/mediterranean-superheroes-one-many-i-algeria-buildtomorrow_enMediterranean Superheroes: One is many I Algeria #BuildTomorrow    Video of Mediterranean Superheroes: One is many I Algeria #BuildTomorrow        NETMED Youth: initiatives jeunes pour des solutions au service de la collectivité       /file/international-day-end-impunity-crimes-against-journalists-0_enInternational Day to End Impunity for Crimes Against Journalists    Video of International Day to End Impunity for Crimes Against Journalists        International Day to End Impunity for Crimes Against Journalists     More             In Focus       What is the EU    Find out more about what the European Union is, its history and its countries. Facts and figures about living in the EU.    More         EU in this Region    The EU’s relationship with the region; information on its history and the EU policies and programmes.    More         EU Foreign Policies    The EU’s external policies, strategies, instruments and missions to support stability, promote human rights and democracy, seek to spread prosperity and support the enforcement of the rule of law and good governance.    More         Key EU Policies    The EU is active in a wide range of topics, from human rights to transport and trade. A list of topics which summarise what the EU does in a specific area, useful links to relevant bodies, laws and documents.    More                  Related Links   Federica Mogherini  Portail de l'UE sur l'immigration  Protection consulaire des citoyens de l’UE  Visa Schengen: informations  Programme de visiteurs de l’Union européenne  Ambassade de France en Algérie               Delegation of the European Union to Algeria Domaine Benouadah, Rue du 11 Décembre 1960El Biar, Alger delegation-algeria@eeas.europa.eu      View RSS feed https://www.flickr.com/photos/union_europeene_en_algerie/ https://www.facebook.com/union.europeenne.en.algerie Subscribe to newsletters and alerts             Quick Network Access      Delegations Afghanistan African Union (AU) Albania Algeria Angola Argentina Armenia Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Australia Azerbaijan Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Benin Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Central African Republic Chile China Colombia Congo (Brazzaville) Costa Rica Council of Europe Cuba Djibouti Dominican Republic DR Congo (Kinshasa) Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Ethiopia Fiji Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kyrgyz Republic Lao PDR Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nepal New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Pakistan Palestine (*) - Occupied Palestinian Territory, West Bank and Gaza Strip Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Paris - OECD and UN Peru Philippines Russia Rwanda Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Singapore Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Sri Lanka Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Tchad Thailand The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Timor-Leste Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Uganda Ukraine UN  Geneva UN New York UN Rome United Arab Emirates United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Vienna - international organisations Vietnam World Trade Organization (WTO) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe          Countries Afghanistan and the EU Albania and the EU Algeria and the EU Andorra and the EU Angola and the EU Anguilla and the EU Antigua and Barbuda and the EU Argentina and the EU Armenia and the EU Aruba and the EU Australia and the EU Azerbaijan and the EU Bahamas and the EU Bahrain and the EU Bangladesh and the EU Barbados and the EU Belarus and the EU Belize and the EU Benin and the EU Bermuda and the EU Bhutan and the EU Bolivia and the EU Bonaire and the EU Bosnia and Herzegovina and the EU Botswana and the EU Botswana, SADC Brazil and the EU British Antarctic Territory and the EU British Indian Ocean Territory and the EU British Indian Ocean Territory and the EU British Virgin Islands and the EU Brunei and the EU Brunei Darussalam and the EU Burkina Faso and the EU Burundi and the EU Cambodia and the EU Cameroon and the EU Canada and the EU Cape Verde and the EU Cayman Islands and the EU Chad and the EU Chile and the EU China and the EU Colombia and the EU Comoros and the EU Cook Islands and the EU Costa Rica and the European Union Cuba and the EU Curaçao and the EU Djibouti and the EU Dominica and the EU Dominican Republic and the EU DPRK and the EU Ecuador and the European Union Egypt and the EU El Salvador and the EU Equatorial Guinea and the EU Eritrea and the EU Ethiopia and the EU Falkland Islands and the EU Fiji and the EU French Polynesia and the EU French Southern Territories Gabon and the EU Georgia and the EU Ghana and the EU Greenland and the EU Grenada and the EU Guatemala and the European Union Guinea and the EU Gulf and the EU Guyana and the EU Haiti and the EU Honduras and the EU Hong Kong and the EU Iceland and the EU India and the EU Indonesia and the EU Iran and the EU Iraq and the EU Israel and the EU Ivory Coast and the EU Jamaica and the EU Japan and the EU Jordan and the EU Kazakhstan and the EU Kenya and the EU Kiribati and the EU Kosovo and the EU Kuwait and the EU Kyrgyz Republic and the EU Lao PDR and the EU Lebanon and the EU Lesotho and the EU Liberia and the EU Libya and the EU Liechtenstein and the EU Madagascar and the EU Malawi and the EU Malaysia and the EU Maldives and the EU Mali and the EU Marshall Islands and the EU Mauritania and the EU Mauritius and the EU Mayotte and the EU Mexico and the EU Micronesia and the EU Moçambique & a UE Monaco and the EU Mongolia and the EU Montenegro and the EU Montserrat and the EU Morocco and the EU Myanmar (Burma) and the EU Namibia and the EU Nauru and the EU Nepal and the EU New Caledonia and the EU New Zealand and the EU Nicaragua and the EU Niger and the EU Nigeria and the EU Niue and the EU Norway and the EU Oman and the EU Pakistan and the EU Palau and the EU Papua New Guinea and the EU Paraguay and the EU Peru and the EU Philippines and the EU Pitcairn and the EU Qatar and the EU Rwanda and the EU Saba and the EU Saint-Kitts and Nevis and the EU Saint-Lucia and the EU Saint-Vincent and the Grenadines and the EU Samoa and the EU San Marino and the EU São Tomé and Príncipe and the EU Saudi Arabia and the EU Senegal and the EU Serbia and the EU Seychelles and the EU Sierra Leone and the EU Singapore and the EU Solomon Islands and the EU Solomon Islands and Vanuatu Somalia and the EU South Africa and the EU South Georgian and South Sandwich Islands South Sudan and the EU Sri Lanka and Maldives Sri Lanka and the EU St Helena and the EU St Pierre and Miquelon and the EU St. Eustatius and the EU St. Maarten and the EU Sudan and the EU Suriname and the EU Swaziland and the EU Switzerland and the EU Syria and the EU Taiwan and the EU Tajikistan and the EU Tanzania and the EU Thailand and the EU The African Union and the EU The Central African Republic and the EU The Democratic Republic of the Congo and the EU The European Union and the Russian Federation The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and the EU The Gambia and the EU The Holy See and the EU The Republic of Korea and the EU The Republic of Moldova and the EU The Republic of the Congo and the EU The UN in Rome and the EU The United Arab Emirates and the EU The United States and the EU Timor-Leste and the EU Togo and the European Union Tonga and the EU Trinidad and Tobago and the EU Tunisia and the EU Turkey and the EU Turkmenistan and the EU Turks and Caicos Islands and the EU Tuvalu and the EU Uganda and the EU Ukraine and the EU Uruguay and the EU Uzbekistan and the EU Vanuatu and the EU Venezuela y la UE Vietnam and the EU Wallis and Futuna and the EU West Bank and Gaza Strip, UNRWA and the EU Yemen and the EU Zambia and the EU Zimbabwe and the EU          Regions and Regional policies Africa Asia Europe and Central Asia Latin America and the Caribbean Middle East and North Africa (MENA) North America Pacific Black Sea Synergy Eastern Partnership EU Arctic Policy EU facilitated dialogue: Belgrade - Pristina relations European Economic Area (EEA) European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP) Middle East Peace Process Northern Dimension          Topics Black Sea Synergy Climate, Environment & Energy Conflict Prevention, Peace building and Mediation Counter-Terrorism Crisis Response Culture Development and Cooperation Disarmament, Non-Proliferation, and Arms Export Control Drugs Eastern Partnership Economic relations, connectivity and innovation Election observation missions (EUEOMs) EU Arctic Policy EU enlargement and neighbourhood relations EU facilitated dialogue: Belgrade - Pristina relations European Economic Area (EEA) European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP) Fight against piracy Human rights and Democracy Humanitarian aid and civil protection (ECHO) Instrument contributing to Stability and Peace (IcSP) Maritime Security Middle East Peace Process Migration Partnership Military and civilian missions and operations Northern Dimension Responsible sourcing of minerals Sanctions policy The Common Security and Defence Policy (CSDP) The Partnership Instrument          Organisations African Union (AU) African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States (ACP) Andean Community Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Central American Integration System (SICA) Common market for eastern and southern Africa (COMESA) Communauté Économique des États de l’Afrique Central (CEEAC) Council of Europe Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) European Economic Area (EEA) Foreign Affairs Council Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Indian Ocean Commission Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD) International Energy Agency (IEA) League of Arab States (LAS) Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Organisation for Security&Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS) Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) Paris - OECD and UN South Asian Association for Regional Co-operation (SAARC) Southern African Development Community (SADC) UN  Geneva UN New York UN Rome UNESCO Union for the Mediterranean (UfM) United Nations (UN) Vienna - international organisations World Trade Organization (WTO)          Missions and Operations ALTHEA/BiH EU NAVFOR Somalia EUAM Iraq EUAM Ukraine EUBAM Libya EUBAM Moldova and Ukraine EUBAM Rafah EUCAP Sahel Mali EUCAP Sahel Niger EUCAP Somalia EULEX Kosovo EUMM Georgia EUNAVFOR MED operation SOPHIA EUPOL COPPS/Palestinian Territories EUTM RCA EUTM Somalia EUTM-Mali          Election observation missions EOM El Salvador 2018 EOM Gabon 2016 EOM Ghana 2016 EOM Honduras 2017 EOM Jordan 2016 EOM Kenya 2017 EOM Kosovo 2017 EOM Kosovo 2017 – Municipal & Mayoral Elections EOM Liberia 2017 EOM Nepal 2017 EOM Paraguay 2018 EOM Peru 2016 EOM Sierra Leone 2018 EOM The Gambia 2017 EOM Timor Leste 2017 EOM Tunisia 2018 EOM Zambia 2016 EOM ​Lebanon 2018                 EEAS: Footer EU links   European Union  European External Action Service  European Commission  European Parliament  European Council  All EU Institutions              A-Z index  Contacts  Cookies  Legal notice  Transparency and Data protection  Privacy statement  Europa Analytics            #^$  Skip to Content      X         Operations    Country                          SEARCH                 Why rural people?     Meet the people    The issues    Our approach    Project design and management    Country strategic opportunities programme    IFAD and the SDGs         Topics     Crops    Climate and environment    Nutrition    Gender    Indigenous peoples    Land    Livestock and rangeland    Market access    Rural finance    Institutions and organizations    Water    Youth    Fisheries and aquaculture    Farmer organizations       Countries       COUNTRIES     Afghanistan Angola Argentina Armenia Azerbaijan Bangladesh Belize Benin Bhutan Bolivia (Plurinational State of) Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Chad China Colombia Comoros Congo Côte d'Ivoire Cuba Democratic Republic of the Congo Djibouti Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Ethiopia Fiji Gambia (The) Georgia Ghana Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras India Indonesia Iraq Jordan Kenya Kiribati Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Madagascar Malawi Maldives Mali Mauritania Mexico Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Nepal Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Pakistan Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Republic of Moldova Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Solomon Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Swaziland Tajikistan Togo Tonga Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Republic of Tanzania Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) Viet Nam Zambia Zimbabwe  Choose a country...              REGIONS    Asia and the Pacific    East and Southern Africa    Latin America and the Caribbean    Near East North Africa and Europe    West and Central Africa           Impact     Grants    Initiatives and facilities    Adaptation for Smallholder Agriculture Programme    Facility for Refugees, Migrants, Forced Displacement and Rural Stability    Financing Facility for Remittances    Indigenous Peoples Assistance Facility    International Aid Transparency Initiative    International Land Coalition    Platform for Agricultural Risk Management    Smallholder and Agri-food SME Finance and Investment Network    South-south and triangular cooperation (SSTC)    Weather Risk Management Facility      Policy engagement    Global policy engagement    Country-level policy engagement      Projects and programmes       Evaluation     Independent office of evaluation    Development effectiveness       Knowledge     Annual reports    Articles and journals    Books and co-publications    Brochures    Data publications    E-learning    Factsheets    Infographics    Papers and briefs    Research    Tools and guidelines    Evaluation publications       Latest     News    Stories    Blogs    Events    Photo essays    Videos    Speeches    Campaigns       About     Vision    History    Strategic Framework      Governance    Member States    Governing Council    Executive Board    Audit Committee    Evaluation Committee    Replenishment    Groups and committees      Leadership    President      Experts    Finance    Corporate finance    Financial management    Financial products and financing terms      Corporate documents    Governing body documents    Transparency and accountability    Ethics    Anti-corruption    Operational reporting      Partners    Companies    Foundations    Governments    Multilateral organizations    Non-governmental organizations    Producer organizations    Research and academic institutions    United Nations agencies      Careers    Professional and general service    Consultancies    JPO programme    Internship programme    FAQs    Current job opportunities    Core values      Forums    Farmers Forum    Indigenous Peoples' Forum    Global Forum on Remittances      Contact us                   SEARCH                           BACK TO REGION                           Algeria           5  Projects    US$ 124.8
						million  Total project cost    US$ 65.6
						million  Total IFAD financing    35,597  Households impacted                         Experts             Abdelkarim Sma   Lead Regional Economist and Officer in Charge Egypt Portfolio                          Projects and Programmes     Ongoing  Planned  Closed        No results found          No results found                Rural Development Project for the Mountain Zones in the North of the Wilaya of M'Sila   COST: $29.8M - TAGS:  Agricultural Development: Rural Development Project for the Mountain Zones in the North of the Wilaya of M'Sila  READ MORE             Pilot Project for the Development of Mountain Agriculture in the Watershed Basin of Oued Saf Saf   COST: $24.1M - TAGS:  Agricultural Development: Pilot Project for the Development of Mountain Agriculture in the Watershed Basin of Oued Saf Saf  READ MORE             Artisanal Fisheries Pilot Development Project   COST: $17.0M - TAGS:  Fisheries: Artisanal Fisheries Pilot Development Project  READ MORE             Pilot Project in Algeria and Tunisia for the Integrated Rural Development of the Mellegue Watershed   COST: $31.4M - TAGS:  Rural Development: Pilot Project in Algeria and Tunisia for the Integrated Rural Development of the Mellegue Watershed  READ MORE             Cereal and Livestock Smallholder Development Project in the Wilaya of Tiaret   COST: $22.5M - TAGS:  Rural Development: Cereal and Livestock Smallholder Development Project in the Wilaya of Tiaret  READ MORE                        layoutCategory = 39090637  projectCategory = 0             layoutCategory = 39090637  projectCategory = 0      Related news               IFAD Vice President to visit Algeria to meet government officials  April 2016 - NEWS    Rome, 4 April 2016 – The Vice President of the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), Michel Mordasini, will visit the People’s Democratic      VIEW MORE              layoutCategory = 39090637  projectCategory = 0            layoutCategory = 39090637  projectCategory = 0                   layoutCategory = 39090637  projectCategory = 0        Photos                                            VIEW MORE                          Contact us  For questions please contact Sma Abdelkarim,  Lead Regional Economist and Officer in Charge Egypt Portfolio,  +39 0654593500 , a.sma@ifad.org                           layoutCategory = 39090637  projectCategory = 0                      Who we are  About  Vision  Governance  Leadership  Experts  Finance  Documents  Transparency and accountability  Report misconduct  Anti-corruption  Partners  Forums       What we do  Approach  Issues  Topics  Projects and programmes  Grants  Initiatives and facilities  Impact  Development effectiveness  Policy engagement       Where we work  Asia & Pacific  East & Southern Africa  Latin America & Caribbean  Near East, North Africa, Europe and Central Asia  West & Central Africa       News & stories  News  Stories  Blogs  Events  Photo essays  Videos  Speeches  Image Bank       Careers  Work with us  Current opportunities    Resources  Latest publications      Member States   Browse the Member States interactive platform.        Enter now                   Legal   Contact us   Sign in                                        #^$                English   عربي  中文  Français  日本語   Русский  Español                Send us your Feedback            Menu             Home    About the IMF    Research    Global Analysis  Researchers at the IMF  Data Visualization    Staff Discussion Notes  Latest Working Papers  Research Bulletin    Economic Review  IMFBlog  Commodity Prices      Countries    IMF reports and publications by country  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  Y  Z      Capacity Development    About Us    What We Do  Public Finances  Monetary and Financial Systems  Legislative Frameworks  Statistics  Macroeconomic Frameworks    How We Work  Regional Capacity Development Centers  Online Training    Our Partners  Funds for Capacity Development    Country Examples      News    All News  News Articles  Communiqués  Mission Concluding Statements  Press Releases     Speeches  Statements at Donor Meetings  Transcripts  Views & Commentaries    See Also:  IMFBlog  Article IV Consultations  Financial Sector Assessment Program (FSAP)  Seminars, Conferences, & Other Events    For Journalists   Press Center The IMF Press Center is a password-protected site for working journalists.   Login or Register   Information of interest      Videos    Data    IMF Finances  Additional Data Sources  World Economic Outlook Databases  IMF eLibrary-Data  International Financial Statistics    Principal Global Indicators  Public Sector Debt Statistics Online Centralized Database  Currency Composition of Official Foreign Exchange Reserves  Financial Access Survey      Publications    IMF eLibrary  IMF Bookstore   IMF Annual Report  Finance & Development    World Economic Outlook  Global Financial Stability Report  Fiscal Monitor  Regional Economic Reports    Policy Papers  Staff Discussion Notes  Spillover Notes  How-To Notes    Advanced search         IMF Podcast  IMF Twitter  IMF Facebook  IMF LinkedIn  IMF RSS    IMF YouTube  IMF Flickr  IMF Email Notification  IMF Social Media Hub    IMF App for iOS  IMF App for Android            Algeria             Executive Board Calendar  Board Discussions on Algeria:  Previous:   May 26, 2017  December 1, 2014  January 16, 2013  January 14, 2011  January 21, 2009     Related Links    Article IV Staff Reports    Financial Position in the Fund    Financial Sector Assessment Program    Transactions with the Fund    Central Bank    Finance Ministry    Contact Us      Video  Play Video Play Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded : 0% Progress : 0% Stream Type LIVE Remaining Time -0:00  Playback Rate 1 Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Captions captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected Audio Track Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.   Algeria: A new economic approach   More Videos            Email notification sign-up   Sign up to receive free e-mail notices when new series and/or country items are posted on the IMF website.    Modify your profile          AddThis Sharing Buttons Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to LinkedIn Share to Google+ Share to Sina Weibo Share to More     The last Article IV Executive Board Consultation was on May 26, 2017. Listed below are items related to Algeria.      Country News   At a Glance   Country Data   See All Documents       Country News         At a Glance   2018 Projected Real GDP (% Change) : 3.0  2018 Projected Consumer Prices (% Change): 7.4  Country Population: 40.762 million  Date of Membership: September 26, 1963    Article IV/Country Report : June 1, 2017  Special Drawing Rights (SDR): 897.54 million  Quota (SDR): 1959.9 million  Number of Arrangements since membership: 4        Country Data          See All Documents    Filters Publications ( 283 ) Press Releases ( 31 ) Article IV Staff Reports ( 23 ) Public Information Notices ( 15 ) Speeches ( 10 ) News Articles ( 5 ) Annual Meetings Speeches ( 4 ) Transcripts ( 4 ) Views & Commentaries ( 4 ) IMFC Statements ( 3 ) News Briefs ( 2 ) Staff Discussion Notes ( 2 ) Communiques ( 1 ) Factsheets ( 1 ) Finance & Development ( 1 ) Issues Briefs ( 1 ) Joint Meeting of the IMFC and the Development Committee ( 1 ) Reports on the Observance of Standards and Codes ( 1 ) Staff Papers ( 1 ) Technical Notes and Manual ( 1 ) Videos ( 1 ) Search Page: 1 of 37 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 IMF Staff Completes 2018 Article IV Visit to Algeria March 12, 2018 Press Releases A Guide To Committees, Groups, and Clubs March 8, 2018 Factsheets Regional Economic Outlook: Middle East and Central Asia, October 2017 October 17, 2017 Publications Transcript of IMF Managing Director's Press Conference October 12, 2017 Transcripts IMF, AMF, AFESD and Government of Morocco To Host Regional Conference: “Opportunity for All—Promoting Growth, Jobs, and Inclusiveness in the Arab World” August 21, 2017 Press Releases Algeria: A new economic approach June 14, 2017 Videos If Not Now, When? Energy Price Reform in Arab Countries; April 2017 Rabat, Morocco June 13, 2017 Publications IMF Executive Board Concludes 2017 Article IV Consultation with Algeria June 1, 2017 Press Releases Algeria : 2017 Article IV Consultation-Press Release; Staff Report; and Statement by the Executive Director for Algeria June 1, 2017 Article IV Staff Reports Publications Algeria : Selected Issues June 1, 2017 Publications Page: 1 of 37 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10                     Home  What's New  Site Map  Site Index    About the IMF  Research  Countries  News  Events    Videos  Data and Statistics  Publications  Social Media Hub  Copyright and Usage    Privacy Policy  How to Contact Us  Jobs  Glossary  Scam Alert    عربي  中文  Français  日本語  Русский  Español                                                                          #^$              2018 Index of Economic Freedom          Country Rankings  Graph The Data  Interactive Heat Map  Explore The Data  Downloads  About The Index      Algeria              Previous: #171 Djibouti  Next: #173 Bolivia        overall score 44.7  world rank 172         Map Data Map data ©2018 GeoBasis-DE/BKG (©2009), Google, Inst. Geogr. Nacional Map Data Map data ©2018 GeoBasis-DE/BKG (©2009), Google, Inst. Geogr. Nacional Map data ©2018 GeoBasis-DE/BKG (©2009), Google, Inst. Geogr. Nacional Terms of Use Report a map error Map Satellite Labels     Rule of Law  Property Rights 27.8  Government Integrity 29.0  Judicial Effectiveness 35.2    Government Size  Government Spending 45.9  Tax Burden 74.0  Fiscal Health 19.2    Regulatory Efficiency  Business Freedom 68.1  Labor Freedom 48.7  Monetary Freedom 69.9    Open Markets  Trade Freedom 63.5  Investment Freedom 25.0  Financial Freedom 30.0     Embed This Data    Create a Comparison Chart  See how Algeria compares to another country using any of the measures in the Index.  vs      <iframe src='//www.heritage.org/index/embed/country/algeria/2018' scrolling='no' height='291' width='560' frameborder='0'></iframe>
        <p style="font-size:11px; font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; color: #808080; margin-top: 5px; background: transparent; text-align: center; width: 512px;">Read more about <a style="text-decoration:none !important; font-weight:normal !important; height: 13px; color:#4eb2fe !important;" href="//www.heritage.org/index/country/algeria" target="_blank">Algeria Economy</a>. 
        See more from the <a style="text-decoration:none !important; font-weight:normal !important; height: 13px; color:#4eb2fe !important;" href="//www.heritage.org/index/" target="_blank">2018 Index.</a></p>  Close        Download PDF  Quick Facts   Population:  40.8 million    GDP (PPP):  $612.5 billion  3.7% growth  3.6% 5-year compound annual growth  $15,026 per capita    Unemployment:  11.2%    Inflation (CPI):  6.4%    FDI Inflow:  $1.5 billion     Embed This Data    Algeria’s economic freedom score is 44.7, making its economy the 172nd freest in the 2018 Index. Its overall score has dropped 1.8 points because of significant declines in property rights and investment freedom that were not offset by more modest improvements in business freedom, judicial effectiveness, and monetary freedom. Algeria is ranked last among 14 countries in the Middle East and North Africa region, and its overall score is well below the regional and world averages.     Algeria’s economy remains dominated by the state, a legacy of the country’s socialist post-independence development model. In recent years, the government has made little progress in improving fiscal governance, has halted the privatization of state-owned industries, and has restricted imports and foreign engagement in its economy. These policies and other institutional weaknesses, combined with ongoing political uncertainty, continue to undermine prospects for sustained long-term economic development.     <iframe src='//www.heritage.org/index/embed/country-data/algeria/2018' scrolling='no' height='358' width='250' frameborder='0'></iframe>
        <p style="font-size:11px; font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; color: #808080; margin-top: 5px; background: transparent; text-align: center; width: 250px;">Read more about <a style="text-decoration:none !important; font-weight:normal !important; height: 13px; color:#4eb2fe !important;" href="//www.heritage.org/index/country/algeria" target="_blank">Algeria Economy</a>.</p>  Close   Background  The National Liberation Front has dominated politics since Algeria won independence from France in 1962. Eighty-year-old President Abdelaziz Bouteflika won a fourth five-year term in 2014 despite rare public appearances after a stroke. Political stability is threatened by uncertainty over Bouteflika’s longevity, widespread popular disillusionment with the political system, and a weak economy. Reforms introduced after the Arab Spring protests included an end to restrictions on civil liberties. In 2016, the government made major constitutional changes to strengthen governance and deepen separation of powers. Algeria is the world’s sixth-largest gas exporter. Oil and natural gas account for almost 95 percent of export revenues and more than 30 percent of GDP. Falling oil prices have forced the government to reduce spending.    Rule of Law View Methodology   Property Rights 27.8  Create a Graph using this measurement  Government Integrity 29.0  Create a Graph using this measurement  Judicial Effectiveness 35.2  Create a Graph using this measurement   Secured interests in property are generally enforceable, but most real property is in government hands, and conflicting title claims make real estate transactions difficult. The judicial system is generally weak, slow, and opaque. High levels of corruption plague Algeria’s business and public sectors, especially the energy sector. An estimated one-half of all economic transactions takes place in the informal sector.   Government Size View Methodology   Government Spending 45.9  Create a Graph using this measurement  Tax Burden 74.0  Create a Graph using this measurement  Fiscal Health 19.2  Create a Graph using this measurement   The top income tax rate is 35 percent, and the top corporate tax rate is 23 percent. Other major taxes include a value-added tax. The overall tax burden equals 29.1 percent of total domestic income. Over the past three years, government spending has amounted to 42.5 percent of total output (GDP), and budget deficits have averaged 11.4 percent of GDP. Public debt is equivalent to 20.4 percent of GDP.   Regulatory Efficiency View Methodology   Business Freedom 68.1  Create a Graph using this measurement  Labor Freedom 48.7  Create a Graph using this measurement  Monetary Freedom 69.9  Create a Graph using this measurement   Despite slight improvements in the business environment, significant bureaucratic impediments to entrepreneurial activity and economic development remain in place. The labor market remains rigid, and there is a chronic shortage of skilled labor. The government initiated subsidy reform in 2016 by increasing the prices of fuel, natural gas, and electricity, but subsidies still represent more than 12 percent of GDP.   Open Markets View Methodology   Trade Freedom 63.5  Create a Graph using this measurement  Investment Freedom 25.0  Create a Graph using this measurement  Financial Freedom 30.0  Create a Graph using this measurement   Trade is significant for Algeria’s economy; the combined value of exports and imports equals 58 percent of GDP. The average applied tariff rate is 8.3 percent. Nontariff barriers significantly impede trade. Government policies such as restrictions on foreign ownership levels continue to limit foreign investment. Credit is difficult to access, and the equity market is underdeveloped, with a capitalization of less than 3 percent of GDP.     Country's Score Over Time    View Chart of Scores over Time     Regional Ranking     rank  country  overall  change    1 United Arab Emirates 77.6 0.7   2 Qatar 72.6 -0.5   3 Israel 72.2 2.5   4 Bahrain 67.7 -0.8   5 Jordan 64.9 -1.8   6 Kuwait 62.2 -2.9   7 Morocco 61.9 0.4   8 Oman 61 -1.1   9 Saudi Arabia 59.6 -4.8   10 Tunisia 58.9 3.2   11 Egypt 53.4 0.8   12 Lebanon 53.2 -0.1   13 Iran 50.9 0.4   14 Algeria 44.7 -1.8     View all countries ›          © 2018 by The Heritage Foundation.  All Rights Reserved.  Home | Country Rankings | Graph The Data | Heat Map Explore the Data | Downloads | FAQs | About The Index     Back to Top                        #^$                                                                          Home  About  Contact OSAC  How to Join  Newsletter  Help       Hello,
                welcome to OSAC! |  Advanced Search                                             Daily News   Reports    Consular Reporting    Alerts    Travel Advisories      Country Council Report    Crime and Safety Report    OSAC Analysis      Events    Incidents    Country Councils    Common Interest Councils   Other Resources    Information Security   Major Events   Resource Library    Post Information   Surveys   Region: Africa   Region: East Asia & Pacific   Region: Europe   Region: Near East   Region: South Central Asia   Region: Western Hemisphere   Regions   Countries   Cities     LOGIN                                   Near East > Algeria    Reports Daily News Crime and Safety Reports Traveler Toolkit          There are no matching Content Reports for the filter applied      View All         View All     View All     View All                           Consular Affairs Bulletins      Alerts Travel Advisories          Security Message for U.S. Citizens: Algiers (Algeria), Personal Security Reminder    The recent announcement that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and plans to relocate the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to…     Security Message for U.S. Citizens: Algiers (Algeria), Upcoming Legislative Elections    Algerians will go to the polls for legislative elections on May 4.  While the elections are expected to be peaceful, there likely will be an…    View All     View All                                   Region Locator      select   select         Near East > Algeria    > Algeria Home  > Daily News  > Reports  > Events  > Crime & Safety Reports  > Contact Information                     Cities of Algeria     select   All Algiers                 Category     select   All Academia Anti-American sentiment Aviation Bombing Cargo Security Chemical/Biological/Nuclear Warfare Contingency Planning Counterintelligence Country Council Meeting Crime Cyber Diplomatic Missions Disease Outbreak Ebola Economic Espionage Elections Employee Health Safety Faith-based Organization Financial Security Hotels Improvised Explosive Device Information Security Major Events Maritime Natural Disasters NGO Oil & Energy Other Other Government Agencies Other Threat / Incident Political Violence Publications Religious Violence Significant Events Stolen items Surveillance Terrorism Threats Transportation Security Travel Health and Safety Traveler Toolkit                  Contact Information   Embassy   Algiers        View All                     Upcoming Events  as of 4/19/2018       Country Council Meeting: Algiers, Algeria (April 25)   All OSAC constituents are invited to the upcoming Country…     View All                               Christian J. Schurman Chairman, Overseas Security Advisory Council Director, Diplomatic Security Service Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Diplomatic Security Bureau of Diplomatic Security U.S. Department of State   Sandy Cowie Co-Chairman, Overseas Security Advisory Council Director – Global Security and Business Continuity Principal Financial Group   Thomas G. Scanlon Executive Director, Overseas Security Advisory Council Bureau of Diplomatic Security U.S. Department of State   Telephone: 571-345-2223      This is a U.S. Government inter-agency website managed by the Bureau of Diplomatic
                            Security, U.S. Department of State.  Please note that all OSAC products are for internal U.S. private sector purposes
                            only. Publishing or otherwise distributing OSAC-derived information in a manner
                            inconsistent with this policy may result in the discontinuation of OSAC support.  The Overseas Security Advisory Council (OSAC) provides links to non-government websites
                            as a public service only. The U.S. government, including OSAC, neither endorses
                            nor guarantees in any way the external organizations, services, advice, or products
                            included in these website links. For more information, please read our full disclaimer.   Overseas Security Advisory Council - Bureau of Diplomatic Security U.S. Department of State - Washington, D.C. 20522-2008 Telephone: 571-345-2223 - Facsimile: 571-345-2238                              #^$   This Javascript allows the page in IE to resize to the minimum width of 853 pixels and no less.                             Skip to main navigation    United States Census Bureau             U.S. Department of Commerce | Blogs | Index A-Z | Glossary | FAQs                            Skip Main Navigation  Skip To Navigation Content       Topics  Population, Economy      Geography  Maps, Products      Library  Infographics, Publications      Data  Tools, Developers      Surveys/Programs  Respond, Survey Data      Newsroom  News, Blogs      About Us  Our Research                Population     Economy     Business     Education         Our population statistics cover age, sex, race, Hispanic origin, migration, ancestry, language use, veterans, as well as population estimates and projections.      Population Main    About    Data    News    Population Publications     Population Stories    Population Videos    Population Visualizations    Population Working Papers    Surveys/Programs          Age and Sex    Ancestry    Children    Computer and Internet Use    Foreign Born    Hispanic Origin    International      Language Use    Migration/Geographic Mobility    Population Estimates    Population Projections    Race    Veterans           The U.S. Census Bureau is the official source of statistical data tracking the national economy.      Economy Main    Economy Stories      Economy Videos    News          Classification Codes (i.e., NAICS)    Economic Census    Economic Indicators      Economic Studies    Industry Statistics Portal    Other Economic Programs           Business is a large part of America's diverse economy. This section provides key information about businesses in your community.      Business Main    Business Videos      News             Business Characteristics    Classification Codes (i.e., NAICS)    Construction    Get Help with Your Form    Manufacturing      Mining    Retail Trade    Services    Wholesale Trade           This section provides information on a range of educational topics, from educational attainment and school enrollment to school districts, costs and financing.      Education Main    About    Data    Education Publications    Education Stories     Education Videos    Education Visualizations    News    Related Sites    Surveys/Programs          Educational Attainment    Educational Services    Public School System Finances      School Districts    School Enrollment    Teaching about Statistics                Emergency Preparedness    Employment     Families & Living Arrangements     Health         We measure the state of the nation's workforce, including employment and unemployment levels, weeks and hours worked, occupations, and commuting.      Employment Main    About    Data    Employment Publications    Employment Stories     Employment Visualizations    Employment Working Papers    News    Related Sites    Surveys/Programs          Commuting (Journey to Work)    County Business Patterns  (CBP)    Disability Employment Tabulation    Employers: Public Sector    Equal Employment Opportunity Tabulation    Industry and Occupation      Labor Force Statistics    Longitudinal Employer-Household Dynamics (LEHD)    Public Sector Employment and Payroll    Survey of Business Owners    Work from Home           Our statistics highlight trends in household and family composition, describe characteristics of the residents of housing units, and show how they are related.      Families & Living Arrangements Main    About    Data    Families & Living Arrangements Stories      Library    News    Surveys/Programs          Child Care    Children    Families and Households    Fertility      Grandparents and Grandchildren    Marriage and Divorce    Same-sex Couples           Health statistics on insurance coverage, disability, fertility and other health issues are increasingly important in measuring the nation's overall well-being.      Health Main    About    Data    Health Publications    Health Videos     Health Visualizations    Health Working Papers    News    Surveys/Programs          Disability    Expenses and Investments    Fertility    Health Care Industries    Health Insurance    HIV/AIDS      Small Area Health Insurance Estimates (SAHIE)    Social Assistance Industries               Housing     Income & Poverty     International Trade     Public Sector         We measure the housing and construction industry, track homeownership rates, and produce statistics on the physical and financial characteristics of our homes.      Housing Main    About    Guidance for Housing Data Users    Housing Data      Housing News    Housing Stories    Library    Surveys/Programs          Housing Affordability    Housing Patterns    Housing Vacancies    New Housing (Construction)    Rental Housing    Residential Financing           Income is the gauge many use to determine the well-being of the U.S. population. Survey and census questions cover poverty, income, and wealth.      Income & Poverty Main    About    Data      Guidance for Data Users    Library    News & Updates          Income    Income Inequality    Poverty    Public Assistance      Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates (SAIPE)    Supplemental Poverty Measure    Wealth and Asset Ownership    Well-Being           The U.S. Census Bureau is the official source for U.S. export and import statistics and regulations governing the reporting of exports from the U.S.      International Trade Main    International Trade Videos      News          Automated Export System (AES/AES Direct)    Commodity Classification (Schedule B)    Definitions    Foreign Trade Regulations (FTR)      Import and Export Data    Reference           The U.S. Census Bureau provides data for the Federal, state and local governments as well as voting, redistricting, apportionment and congressional affairs.      Public Sector Main    Public Sector News      Public Sector Stories          Building Permits    Census of Governments    Congressional and Intergovernmental    Congressional Apportionment    Criminal Justice    Government Employment & Payroll      Government Finances    Government Organization    Government Taxes    Redistricting Data    Voting and Registration                     Geography Main     About     Education     GSS Initiative        Geography is central to the work of the Bureau, providing the framework for survey design, sample selection, data collection, tabulation, and dissemination.      Latest Information                Find resources on how to use geographic data and products with statistical data, educational blog postings, and presentations.      Latest Information                The Geographic Support System Initiative will integrate improved address coverage, spatial feature updates, and enhanced quality assessment and measurement.      Latest Information                     Interactive Maps     Maps & Data     Metropolitan & Micropolitan     Partnerships        Work with interactive mapping tools from across the Census Bureau.      Latest Information                Find geographic data and products such as Shapefiles, KMLs, TIGERweb, boundary files, geographic relationship files, and reference and thematic maps.      Latest Information                Metropolitan and micropolitan areas are geographic entities used by Federal statistical agencies in collecting, tabulating, and publishing Federal statistics.      Latest Information                Find information about specific partnership programs and learn more about our partnerships with other organizations.      Latest Information                     Reference     Research        Definitions of geographic terms, why geographic areas are defined, and how the Census Bureau defines geographic areas.      Latest Information                We conduct research on geographic topics such as how to define geographic areas and how geography changes over time.      Latest Information                          Library Main    America Counts: Stories     Audio     Photos        Official audio files from the Census Bureau, including "Profile America," a daily series of bite-sized statistics, placing current data in a historical context.      Latest Information                     Latest Information                     Publications     Videos     Infographics & Visualizations    Working Papers        Read briefs and reports from Census Bureau experts.      Latest Information                     Latest Information                     Latest Information                Read research analyses from Census Bureau experts.      Latest Information                          Data Main    Data Tools & Apps      Developers     Product Catalog        Find information using interactive applications to get statistics from multiple surveys.      Data Tools & Apps Main          American FactFinder    Census Business Builder    Census Explorer    My Congressional District      My Tribal Area    QuickFacts    U.S. and World Population Clock          Find a multitude of DVDs, CDs and publications in print by topic.      Latest Information                     Related Sites     Combining Data     Software     Training & Workshops     Visualizations        These external sites provide more data.      Latest Information                Download software to display, extract, map, process, and/or tabulate census and survey data.      Latest Information                Learn more about our data from this collection of e-tutorials, presentations, webinars and other training materials. Sign up for training sessions.      Latest Information                        Learn more about our data from this collection of e-tutorials, presentations, webinars and other training materials. Sign up for training sessions.      Latest Information                Explore Census data with interactive visualizations covering a broad range of topics.      Latest Information                          Surveys/Programs Main     Are you in a Survey?     2020 Census     2018 Census Test        If you have received a survey, this site will help you verify that the survey came from us, understand and complete the form, and know how we protect your data.      Latest Information                This is the 2020 Census redirect      Latest Information     2018 Census Test                This is the 2020 Census redirect      Latest Information                     2010 Census     American Community Survey (ACS)     American Housing Survey (AHS)     Economic Census             Latest Information               National and state population totals from the 2010 Census were released on December 21, 2010      Latest Information                The American Community Survey (ACS) is a mandatory, ongoing statistical survey that samples a small percentage of the population every year.      Latest Information                The AHS is sponsored by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau.      Latest Information                     Survey of Income and Program Participation     All Surveys & Programs        The Economic Census is the U.S. government's official five-year measure of American business and the economy.      Latest Information                Basic enumerations of population, housing units, group quarters and transitory locations conducted by the Census Bureau at the request of a governmental unit.      Latest Information                Collects data and measures change for many topics including: economic well-being, family dynamics, education, assets, health insurance, and childcare.      Latest Information                     Latest Information                          Latest News     News Releases     Blogs/Social Media     Facts for Features        Most recent releases from the Newsroom.      Latest Information                Find media toolkits, advisories, and all the latest Census news.      Latest Information                The Census Bureau's Director writes on how we measure America's people, places and economy.      Latest Information                Find interesting and quirky statistics regarding national celebrations and major events.      Latest Information                     Stats for Stories     Tip Sheets     Press Kits     Embargoed Releases        Find media toolkits, advisories, and all the latest Census news.      Latest Information                See what's coming up in releases and reports.      Latest Information                Find media toolkits, advisories, and all the latest Census news.      Latest Information                Access to embargoed releases for news and media outlets.      Latest Information                          About the Bureau     Who We Are     What We Do     Our Research        Information about the U.S. Census Bureau.      Latest Information                Information about what we do at the U.S. Census Bureau.      Latest Information                Our researchers explore innovative ways to conduct surveys, increase respondent participation, reduce costs, and improve accuracy.      Latest Information                     Business Opportunities    Census Careers     Field Jobs by State    Regional Offices         Learn about other opportunities to collaborate with us.      Latest Information          Population Main         Explore the rich historical background of an organization with roots almost as old as the nation.      Latest Information                Explore prospective positions available at the U.S. Census Bureau.      Latest Information                The Census Bureau is hiring across the United States, search temporary positions      Latest Information                     History     Combining Data       The regional offices are responsible for all data collection, data dissemination, and geographic operations under a new service area boundary.      Regional Offices Main    About Regional Offices          Atlanta Region    Chicago Region    Denver Region    Los Angeles Region      New York Region    Philadelphia Region                      Foreign Trade    Skip top of page navigation   You are here: Census.gov › Business & Industry › Foreign Trade › U.S. International Trade Data       Main  About  Data  Outreach  AES  Regulations  Reference  Definitions  Schedule B  FAQs         This Javascript highlights what section of the main navigation you are on and unlinks its URL.             More DATA   Trade Highlights  Balance by Partner Country  Country/Product Trade  State/Metropolitan Data  Historical Series  Notices and Corrections  Related Party Trade  Press Releases  Data Products     ﻿ Important Links   Global Reach Blog  Newsletters  ACE AESDirect  DropBox  Guide to Foreign Trade  Foreign Trade Products  Download Subscription  USA Trade Online   "   Related Sites   Business and Industry  Briefing Room  North American Industry                Classification System (NAICS)    Economic Indicator Database            Trade in Goods with Algeria  Available years:  2018 | 2017 | 2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003 | 2002 | 2001 | 2000 | 1999 | 1998 | 1997 | 1996 | 1995 | 1994 | 1993 | 1992 | 1991 | 1990 | 1989 | 1988 | 1987 | 1986 | 1985 |  Notes    2018 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2018  40.7  442.6  -401.9    February  2018  72.8  351.4  -278.6    TOTAL     2018   113.5   794.0   -680.5       2017 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2017  50.6  497.5  -446.9    February  2017  91.9  348.1  -256.2    March     2017  120.0  356.5  -236.5    April     2017  130.7  243.4  -112.7    May       2017  158.8  276.7  -117.8    June      2017  91.7  374.3  -282.7    July      2017  75.6  335.6  -259.9    August    2017  53.5  391.6  -338.2    September 2017  63.6  268.9  -205.3    October   2017  72.6  226.6  -154.0    November  2017  61.3  187.8  -126.5    December  2017  91.0  301.0  -210.0    TOTAL     2017   1,061.2   3,808.0   -2,746.8       2016 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2016  110.7  168.2  -57.6    February  2016  285.7  159.1  126.6    March     2016  52.8  232.7  -179.9    April     2016  138.2  222.7  -84.5    May       2016  330.7  187.5  143.3    June      2016  155.1  279.0  -123.9    July      2016  167.1  267.6  -100.6    August    2016  191.4  256.0  -64.6    September 2016  149.1  226.9  -77.7    October   2016  252.4  409.4  -157.0    November  2016  142.7  539.5  -396.8    December  2016  215.2  279.2  -64.0    TOTAL     2016   2,191.2   3,227.9   -1,036.7       2015 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2015  148.8  270.4  -121.6    February  2015  102.9  257.7  -154.8    March     2015  151.6  153.3  -1.8    April     2015  103.8  292.5  -188.8    May       2015  141.0  432.2  -291.2    June      2015  169.3  327.9  -158.6    July      2015  212.4  345.7  -133.3    August    2015  101.0  314.2  -213.2    September 2015  244.2  349.4  -105.2    October   2015  148.6  259.9  -111.3    November  2015  193.6  227.7  -34.1    December  2015  158.6  140.6  18.0    TOTAL     2015   1,875.7   3,371.5   -1,495.8       2014 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2014  349.6  306.7  42.9    February  2014  207.2  354.3  -147.1    March     2014  208.3  320.9  -112.6    April     2014  288.3  254.0  34.3    May       2014  183.5  410.3  -226.8    June      2014  79.7  402.0  -322.3    July      2014  188.5  509.8  -321.3    August    2014  265.0  513.0  -248.0    September 2014  162.7  501.2  -338.4    October   2014  200.1  393.6  -193.5    November  2014  262.2  262.8  -0.6    December  2014  221.7  400.2  -178.5    TOTAL     2014   2,616.9   4,628.9   -2,012.0       2013 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2013  167.2  748.6  -581.3    February  2013  122.4  10.8  111.6    March     2013  191.3  459.9  -268.5    April     2013  140.1  352.8  -212.7    May       2013  251.9  617.5  -365.6    June      2013  268.5  269.4  -0.9    July      2013  118.4  305.3  -186.9    August    2013  170.5  420.9  -250.5    September 2013  75.3  531.2  -455.8    October   2013  143.1  352.7  -209.6    November  2013  88.7  414.4  -325.8    December  2013  111.4  347.4  -236.1    TOTAL     2013   1,848.7   4,830.9   -2,982.2       2012 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2012  65.7  898.0  -832.3    February  2012  110.4  744.4  -634.1    March     2012  129.9  1,405.9  -1,275.9    April     2012  83.4  1,012.0  -928.5    May       2012  262.5  1,072.1  -809.6    June      2012  116.5  688.5  -572.1    July      2012  111.2  507.7  -396.4    August    2012  122.7  1,131.2  -1,008.4    September 2012  53.1  618.4  -565.3    October   2012  74.6  701.5  -626.9    November  2012  113.3  648.5  -535.2    December  2012  119.8  565.2  -445.5    TOTAL     2012   1,363.2   9,993.3   -8,630.2       2011 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2011  73.6  1,533.9  -1,460.4    February  2011  103.3  1,133.6  -1,030.3    March     2011  148.3  1,677.5  -1,529.1    April     2011  256.3  1,536.3  -1,280.0    May       2011  125.2  1,705.6  -1,580.4    June      2011  133.7  1,110.5  -976.8    July      2011  100.6  1,143.9  -1,043.4    August    2011  181.2  1,119.1  -937.9    September 2011  206.4  994.2  -787.8    October   2011  81.5  786.7  -705.2    November  2011  65.0  833.5  -768.5    December  2011  121.9  1,034.4  -912.5    TOTAL     2011   1,597.0   14,609.3   -13,012.3       2010 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2010  85.1  1,312.2  -1,227.1    February  2010  52.6  1,034.3  -981.7    March     2010  104.6  1,264.0  -1,159.4    April     2010  56.0  1,085.3  -1,029.3    May       2010  91.1  1,142.9  -1,051.8    June      2010  122.4  1,237.8  -1,115.4    July      2010  91.1  1,413.0  -1,321.9    August    2010  112.5  1,231.3  -1,118.8    September 2010  130.8  1,251.8  -1,121.0    October   2010  149.7  1,058.1  -908.3    November  2010  131.0  1,266.2  -1,135.2    December  2010  67.6  1,221.2  -1,153.6    TOTAL     2010   1,194.3   14,518.0   -13,323.6       2009 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2009  42.3  776.2  -733.9    February  2009  90.2  552.1  -461.9    March     2009  90.1  640.9  -550.8    April     2009  82.1  883.6  -801.5    May       2009  91.6  449.7  -358.2    June      2009  92.9  844.7  -751.8    July      2009  111.3  874.3  -763.1    August    2009  124.0  1,077.0  -953.1    September 2009  96.9  1,426.0  -1,329.0    October   2009  97.8  1,086.1  -988.4    November  2009  110.7  747.7  -637.0    December  2009  78.2  1,359.5  -1,281.3    TOTAL     2009   1,107.8   10,717.8   -9,610.0       2008 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2008  75.5  1,763.1  -1,687.6    February  2008  140.9  1,193.1  -1,052.1    March     2008  184.5  1,067.6  -883.2    April     2008  152.4  2,018.0  -1,865.6    May       2008  81.5  2,124.8  -2,043.3    June      2008  83.4  2,149.6  -2,066.2    July      2008  63.6  1,781.4  -1,717.7    August    2008  81.1  2,027.9  -1,946.8    September 2008  110.2  1,722.9  -1,612.7    October   2008  56.7  1,628.6  -1,571.9    November  2008  86.1  1,086.3  -1,000.2    December  2008  127.3  791.4  -664.1    TOTAL     2008   1,243.2   19,354.8   -18,111.6       2007 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2007  96.1  1,374.9  -1,278.8    February  2007  91.0  1,030.3  -939.4    March     2007  93.2  1,400.5  -1,307.3    April     2007  97.3  1,519.1  -1,421.9    May       2007  86.5  1,844.6  -1,758.1    June      2007  97.3  1,511.3  -1,414.0    July      2007  114.9  1,735.5  -1,620.6    August    2007  164.5  1,983.5  -1,819.0    September 2007  238.1  1,485.0  -1,246.9    October   2007  204.2  1,006.0  -801.8    November  2007  149.2  1,166.7  -1,017.5    December  2007  220.1  1,758.5  -1,538.4    TOTAL     2007   1,652.4   17,816.1   -16,163.6       2006 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2006  63.4  870.2  -806.8    February  2006  71.5  876.4  -804.8    March     2006  49.6  942.8  -893.2    April     2006  112.6  1,024.7  -912.1    May       2006  137.9  1,447.7  -1,309.8    June      2006  86.6  1,617.2  -1,530.7    July      2006  78.5  1,885.2  -1,806.7    August    2006  130.1  1,854.5  -1,724.4    September 2006  115.5  1,584.4  -1,468.8    October   2006  56.3  1,340.6  -1,284.3    November  2006  115.2  795.6  -680.4    December  2006  84.6  1,216.6  -1,132.0    TOTAL     2006   1,101.9   15,455.9   -14,354.0       2005 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2005  88.4  528.9  -440.4    February  2005  66.7  689.5  -622.9    March     2005  118.0  609.9  -491.9    April     2005  82.0  787.7  -705.7    May       2005  93.6  744.4  -650.8    June      2005  72.7  979.5  -906.8    July      2005  90.1  967.6  -877.5    August    2005  156.9  1,093.7  -936.8    September 2005  92.6  1,032.4  -939.8    October   2005  56.0  1,200.4  -1,144.4    November  2005  89.3  895.4  -806.0    December  2005  99.8  917.0  -817.2    TOTAL     2005   1,106.2   10,446.4   -9,340.2       2004 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2004  48.8  358.7  -309.8    February  2004  89.5  491.0  -401.5    March     2004  57.4  585.6  -528.2    April     2004  43.0  680.5  -637.5    May       2004  65.3  604.0  -538.7    June      2004  73.0  567.3  -494.3    July      2004  91.8  731.0  -639.2    August    2004  67.3  785.2  -717.9    September 2004  67.0  632.0  -565.0    October   2004  122.0  613.8  -491.8    November  2004  102.4  665.2  -562.8    December  2004  144.1  695.3  -551.2    TOTAL     2004   971.6   7,409.5   -6,438.0       2003 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2003  32.4  292.4  -259.9    February  2003  32.6  194.7  -162.1    March     2003  26.4  463.7  -437.3    April     2003  21.5  428.8  -407.3    May       2003  53.6  361.4  -307.9    June      2003  22.6  607.8  -585.2    July      2003  24.0  501.1  -477.1    August    2003  50.8  453.9  -403.0    September 2003  50.7  387.2  -336.5    October   2003  60.5  300.0  -239.5    November  2003  58.9  381.4  -322.5    December  2003  53.6  376.1  -322.5    TOTAL     2003   487.4   4,748.4   -4,261.0       2002 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2002  68.6  151.8  -83.2    February  2002  59.9  137.2  -77.3    March     2002  75.7  185.7  -110.0    April     2002  94.7  259.5  -164.8    May       2002  113.8  262.3  -148.5    June      2002  169.0  244.7  -75.7    July      2002  33.2  131.0  -97.8    August    2002  43.6  180.1  -136.5    September 2002  56.1  195.7  -139.6    October   2002  74.5  189.6  -115.1    November  2002  41.4  186.9  -145.5    December  2002  153.9  235.7  -81.8    TOTAL     2002   984.4   2,360.2   -1,375.8       2001 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2001  174.0  279.6  -105.6    February  2001  120.7  201.2  -80.5    March     2001  67.4  267.2  -199.8    April     2001  36.9  303.8  -266.9    May       2001  86.8  377.3  -290.5    June      2001  131.9  196.6  -64.7    July      2001  87.0  194.7  -107.7    August    2001  51.1  181.7  -130.6    September 2001  97.0  164.2  -67.2    October   2001  51.8  171.8  -120.0    November  2001  48.6  177.7  -129.1    December  2001  84.7  186.2  -101.5    TOTAL     2001   1,037.9   2,702.0   -1,664.1       2000 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   2000  35.7  189.8  -154.1    February  2000  32.5  241.6  -209.1    March     2000  39.0  217.7  -178.7    April     2000  37.3  196.0  -158.7    May       2000  28.2  221.4  -193.2    June      2000  61.8  260.8  -199.0    July      2000  86.3  205.9  -119.6    August    2000  165.7  228.2  -62.5    September 2000  111.3  238.7  -127.4    October   2000  161.8  240.6  -78.8    November  2000  36.2  185.8  -149.6    December  2000  66.0  297.7  -231.7    TOTAL     2000   861.8   2,724.2   -1,862.4       1999 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1999  40.3  111.6  -71.3    February  1999  39.6  83.4  -43.8    March     1999  42.1  144.0  -101.9    April     1999  36.1  135.8  -99.7    May       1999  22.4  148.3  -125.9    June      1999  32.1  121.9  -89.8    July      1999  48.0  149.2  -101.2    August    1999  41.9  219.0  -177.1    September 1999  44.9  167.0  -122.1    October   1999  29.3  142.8  -113.5    November  1999  38.7  175.2  -136.5    December  1999  43.4  226.0  -182.6    TOTAL     1999   458.8   1,824.2   -1,365.4       1998 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1998  80.5  175.5  -95.0    February  1998  42.9  155.8  -112.9    March     1998  76.0  119.0  -43.0    April     1998  53.9  177.6  -123.7    May       1998  38.9  157.1  -118.2    June      1998  45.2  148.7  -103.5    July      1998  74.6  124.2  -49.6    August    1998  58.6  133.1  -74.5    September 1998  35.1  119.2  -84.1    October   1998  51.0  144.3  -93.3    November  1998  46.9  85.1  -38.2    December  1998  47.9  98.5  -50.6    TOTAL     1998   651.5   1,638.1   -986.6       1997 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1997  41.1  258.9  -217.8    February  1997  37.7  251.8  -214.1    March     1997  51.2  233.2  -182.0    April     1997  54.8  165.5  -110.7    May       1997  61.5  206.2  -144.7    June      1997  39.5  224.2  -184.7    July      1997  69.6  173.3  -103.7    August    1997  88.4  203.5  -115.1    September 1997  68.5  176.7  -108.2    October   1997  51.8  232.9  -181.1    November  1997  49.9  174.9  -125.0    December  1997  77.6  138.4  -60.8    TOTAL     1997   691.6   2,439.5   -1,747.9       1996 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1996  65.7  161.6  -95.9    February  1996  59.2  134.3  -75.1    March     1996  63.2  148.7  -85.5    April     1996  29.5  169.9  -140.4    May       1996  46.3  240.3  -194.0    June      1996  76.2  171.1  -94.9    July      1996  51.0  198.3  -147.3    August    1996  41.0  202.6  -161.6    September 1996  33.4  150.1  -116.7    October   1996  56.8  178.0  -121.2    November  1996  55.5  184.2  -128.7    December  1996  57.5  186.6  -129.1    TOTAL     1996   635.3   2,125.7   -1,490.4       1995 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1995  92.3  131.0  -38.7    February  1995  50.5  191.8  -141.3    March     1995  77.1  113.8  -36.7    April     1995  81.1  163.4  -82.3    May       1995  65.4  141.9  -76.5    June      1995  73.7  158.6  -84.9    July      1995  59.8  173.9  -114.1    August    1995  41.7  150.7  -109.0    September 1995  39.5  142.7  -103.2    October   1995  38.5  140.6  -102.1    November  1995  66.9  128.2  -61.3    December  1995  87.6  112.9  -25.3    TOTAL     1995   774.1   1,749.5   -975.4       1994 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1994  155.5  118.0  37.5    February  1994  122.5  139.0  -16.5    March     1994  135.9  156.8  -20.9    April     1994  63.8  106.0  -42.2    May       1994  65.6  139.9  -74.3    June      1994  87.5  139.7  -52.2    July      1994  83.4  157.7  -74.3    August    1994  106.7  171.0  -64.3    September 1994  90.9  76.7  14.2    October   1994  89.8  127.9  -38.1    November  1994  80.4  104.0  -23.6    December  1994  109.5  90.2  19.3    TOTAL     1994   1,191.5   1,526.9   -335.4       1993 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1993  74.7  112.8  -38.1    February  1993  63.7  159.4  -95.7    March     1993  86.6  134.6  -48.0    April     1993  68.1  169.2  -101.1    May       1993  77.1  139.0  -61.9    June      1993  122.0  103.6  18.4    July      1993  46.6  133.2  -86.6    August    1993  43.5  149.2  -105.7    September 1993  75.2  114.4  -39.2    October   1993  62.4  157.4  -95.0    November  1993  107.9  152.3  -44.4    December  1993  110.2  57.9  52.3    TOTAL     1993   938.0   1,583.0   -645.0       1992 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1992  48.9  164.3  -115.4    February  1992  57.4  154.1  -96.7    March     1992  47.8  147.0  -99.2    April     1992  54.5  73.7  -19.2    May       1992  59.2  144.7  -85.5    June      1992  75.2  107.5  -32.3    July      1992  49.1  141.3  -92.2    August    1992  37.5  142.5  -105.0    September 1992  30.3  129.8  -99.5    October   1992  75.5  129.5  -54.0    November  1992  60.5  137.8  -77.3    December  1992  92.1  113.9  -21.8    TOTAL     1992   688.0   1,586.1   -898.1       1991 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1991  62.7  256.8  -194.1    February  1991  71.3  217.6  -146.3    March     1991  80.0  185.5  -105.5    April     1991  57.3  190.0  -132.7    May       1991  61.0  195.2  -134.2    June      1991  26.8  147.2  -120.4    July      1991  43.6  124.8  -81.2    August    1991  52.4  146.8  -94.4    September 1991  78.6  120.6  -42.0    October   1991  69.9  177.5  -107.6    November  1991  52.7  159.1  -106.4    December  1991  70.3  181.5  -111.2    TOTAL     1991   726.6   2,102.6   -1,376.0       1990 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1990  61.2  379.8  -318.6    February  1990  75.8  225.4  -149.6    March     1990  62.4  213.2  -150.8    April     1990  48.0  189.9  -141.9    May       1990  68.3  180.7  -112.4    June      1990  126.4  171.4  -45.0    July      1990  41.7  172.9  -131.2    August    1990  135.8  190.2  -54.4    September 1990  57.4  271.0  -213.6    October   1990  128.5  178.6  -50.1    November  1990  69.3  219.3  -150.0    December  1990  76.7  233.1  -156.4    TOTAL     1990   951.5   2,625.5   -1,674.0       1989 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1989  41.6  150.2  -108.6    February  1989  32.4  175.6  -143.2    March     1989  48.3  133.7  -85.4    April     1989  76.6  166.2  -89.6    May       1989  71.2  196.9  -125.7    June      1989  69.0  131.6  -62.6    July      1989  95.4  125.5  -30.1    August    1989  45.6  127.8  -82.2    September 1989  61.5  144.0  -82.5    October   1989  78.8  175.2  -96.4    November  1989  49.6  158.2  -108.6    December  1989  85.6  144.6  -59.0    TOTAL     1989   755.6   1,829.5   -1,073.9       1988 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1988  37.5  192.9  -155.4    February  1988  92.2  168.2  -76.0    March     1988  70.1  125.9  -55.8    April     1988  64.5  150.6  -86.1    May       1988  70.0  183.9  -113.9    June      1988  54.8  143.1  -88.3    July      1988  42.8  104.8  -62.0    August    1988  54.8  148.9  -94.1    September 1988  45.6  151.5  -105.9    October   1988  68.7  133.3  -64.6    November  1988  53.5  152.1  -98.6    December  1988  75.4  159.1  -83.7    TOTAL     1988   729.9   1,814.3   -1,084.4       1987 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1987  27.5  65.2  -37.7    February  1987  26.8  218.7  -191.9    March     1987  39.8  161.8  -122.0    April     1987  37.7  169.0  -131.3    May       1987  24.1  122.7  -98.6    June      1987  46.7  159.5  -112.8    July      1987  37.9  228.1  -190.2    August    1987  35.5  170.1  -134.6    September 1987  21.9  186.4  -164.5    October   1987  16.4  156.8  -140.4    November  1987  56.2  195.7  -139.5    December  1987  55.9  164.8  -108.9    TOTAL     1987   426.4   1,998.8   -1,572.4       1986 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1986  40.5  248.3  -207.8    February  1986  52.6  147.7  -95.1    March     1986  44.7  174.6  -129.9    April     1986  39.9  118.4  -78.5    May       1986  34.0  141.1  -107.1    June      1986  51.7  170.8  -119.1    July      1986  42.9  127.1  -84.2    August    1986  52.4  160.3  -107.9    September 1986  25.6  133.7  -108.1    October   1986  34.2  138.1  -103.9    November  1986  17.5  118.5  -101.0    December  1986  16.9  152.8  -135.9    TOTAL     1986   452.9   1,831.4   -1,378.5       1985 : U.S. trade in goods with Algeria  NOTE: All figures are in millions of U.S. dollars on a nominal basis, not seasonally adjusted unless otherwise specified.  Details may not equal totals due to rounding.  Table reflects only those months for which there was trade.    Month  Exports  Imports  Balance    January   1985  51.9  196.0  -144.1    February  1985  30.1  150.1  -120.0    March     1985  46.5  207.9  -161.4    April     1985  30.7  303.7  -273.0    May       1985  47.3  297.6  -250.3    June      1985  48.7  265.1  -216.4    July      1985  24.4  184.9  -160.5    August    1985  18.3  65.0  -46.7    September 1985  22.6  122.8  -100.2    October   1985  11.3  193.2  -181.9    November  1985  54.7  120.1  -65.4    December  1985  43.6  226.6  -183.0    TOTAL     1985   430.1   2,333.0   -1,902.9     DOWNLOAD: Download the full dataset for all countries[EXCEL - 5 MB]    ﻿ Additional Information   Contact the International Trade Macro Analysis Branch of the Economic Indicator Division with any questions or for additional information.  For information on data sources and methodology, check out the Information on the Collection and Publication of Trade Statistics .  For more detailed data please visit USA Trade Online                    February 2018 Trade in Goods and Services  Deficit: $57.6 Billion Exports: $204.4 Billion Imports: $262.0 Billion    Next release: May 3, 2018  Complete Release Schedule     Export Training  Collection of videos to enhance export training.  2018 International Trade Webinars.  2017 Features of ACE Exports Archive.  2016 Trade Webinars Archive.  2015 Trade University Archive.     Upcoming Training   Seminar Dates/Locations To Be Determined.       Contact Us  Contact the International Trade Macro Analysis Branch: Email us! or use our feedback form!   Call us: (301)763-2311 or 1-800-549-0595 option 4               [PDF] or denotes a file in Adobe’s Portable Document Format . To view the file, you will need the Adobe® Reader®  available free from Adobe.  [Excel] or the letters [xls] indicate a document is in the Microsoft® Excel® Spreadsheet Format (XLS). To view the file, you will need the Microsoft® Excel® Viewer  available for free from Microsoft®.  [MSWord] or the letters [doc] indicate a document is in the Microsoft® Word Format (DOC). To view the file, you will need the Microsoft® Word Viewer  available for free from Microsoft®.  This symbol indicates a link to a non-government web site.  Our linking to these sites does not constitute an endorsement of any products, services or the information found on them. Once you link to another site you are subject to the policies of the new site.         Skip to top of page        ABOUT US   Are You in a
										Survey?    FAQs    Director's
										Corner    Regional Offices    History    Research    Scientific
										Integrity    Census Careers    Diversity @
										Census    Business
										Opportunities    Congressional
										and Intergovernmental    Contact Us           FIND DATA   QuickFacts    American
										FactFinder    2010 Census    Economic Census    Interactive Maps    Training
										& Workshops    Data Tools    Developers    Catalogs    Publications           BUSINESS & INDUSTRY   Help With Your
										Forms    Economic
										Indicators    Economic Census    E-Stats    International
										Trade    Export Codes    NAICS    Governments    Longitudinal Employer-Household Dynamics (LEHD)    Survey of
										Business Owners           PEOPLE & HOUSEHOLDS   2020 Census    2010 Census    American
										Community Survey    Income    Poverty    Population
										Estimates    Population
										Projections    Health Insurance    Housing    International    Genealogy           SPECIAL TOPICS  Advisors, Centers and Research Programs   Statistics in
										Schools    Tribal
										Resources (AIAN)    Emergency
										Preparedness    Statistical
										Abstract    Special
										Census Program    Data Linkage Infrastructure    Fraudulent
										Activity & Scams    USA.gov           NEWSROOM   News Releases    Release Schedule    Facts for
										Features    Stats for Stories    Blogs          CONNECT WITH US               Accessibility | Information Quality | FOIA | Data Protection and Privacy Policy | U.S. Department of Commerce           [an error occurred while processing this directive]     Source: U.S. Census Bureau | Foreign Trade | ftdwebmast
er@census.gov |

Last Revised:
October 02, 2017   #^$                                                                  How To Export    eCommerce  Export Education  Finding Foreign Markets  Legal Considerations  Logistics  Financial Considerations  Product Preparation       Customized Services    Services for U.S. Exporters  Plan and Assess  Promote and Expand  Locations      Market Intelligence    Find Market Intelligence  Export Guides  Trade Leads  Trade Data & Analysis      Events    Events and Trade Missions  Webinars      Trade Problems    Get Help with Trade Problems  Report a Foreign Trade Barrier  Foreign Trade Remedies  Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports  U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures      FAQs    Boards    About Us    International Trade Administration  Federal Trade Partners  Programs for Trade Promotion Partners  Trade Initiatives  Contact Us  Social Media             Home > Algeria    Local Time: 11:35 AM |  Print         Algeria    Algeria Home    Doing Business in Algeria    Services for U.S. Companies    Student Volunteer Internship Program    Contact Us    Our Worldwide Network    About Us    Press Room    Other Worldwide Markets             Welcome to Algeria  Algeria is an interesting and active market for U.S. exporters and investors, particularly in the oil and gas sector. Slow economic reforms and an antiquated banking system have left other sectors underdeveloped, even as the country’s political situation remains stable and its security situation has improved in comparison to the first half of the decade. Algerians have increasingly greater access to credit, fueling demand for consumer goods such as automobiles. However, new government tax policies are beginning to restrict such import-driven sectors. The country’s agricultural production is far below demand, and Algeria continues to import large volumes of bulk agricultural products and packaged foodstuffs.                   Country Commercial Guide       Best Prospect Sectors           Our Global Network at Work        Find your next export market in the International Trade Administration's Top Markets Series reports.  See the list of newly announced 2018 International Buyer Program trade shows.               Algeria at a Glance   Population: 39,542,166 (July 2015 est.) GDP: $214.1 billion (2014 est.) GDP per Capita: $14,300 (2014 est.) GDP Growth: 4.1% (2014 est.) U.S.-Algeria Bilateral Trade: $11.4 billion Main Suppliers: China 14.1%, France 10.8%, Italy 8.6%, Spain 8.6%, Germany 6.5%, US 4.9% (2014)   Algeria Main Topics   Trade Stats  U.S.-Algeria Business Council  Country Commercial Guide  U.S. Embassy in Algeria  U.S. Company Advocacy                     Print |
											Last Updated: 6/12/13 2:18 PM          How To Export   eCommerce  Export Education  Finding Foreign Markets  Legal Considerations  Logistics  Financial Considerations  Product Preparation   Customized Services   Services for U.S. Exporters  Plan and Assess  Promote and Expand  Locations     Market Intelligence   Find Market Intelligence  Export Guides  Trade Leads  Trade Data & Analysis   Events   Events and Trade Missions  Webinars   Trade Problems   Get Help with Trade Problems  Report a Foreign Trade Barrier  Foreign Trade Remedies  Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports  U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures     FAQs  Boards  About Us   International Trade Administration  Federal Trade Partners  Programs for Trade Promotion Partners  Trade Initiatives  Contact Us  Social Media       Submit Feedback | Contact Us | Social Media | Privacy Policy | FOIA | Disclaimer | About Us | USA.gov  | Download Adobe Reader           Notice to Visitors!   The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website.   If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site  Export.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement .     Notice to Visitors!   The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website.   If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site  BuyUSA.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement .       #^$                              U.S. Energy Information Administration - EIA - Independent Statistics and Analysis    Search          Menu      + Sources & Uses     + Topics     + Geography       + Tools     + Learn About Energy     + News         Sources & Uses    Topics    Geography    Tools    Learn About Energy    News           Petroleum & Other Liquids   Crude oil, gasoline, heating oil, diesel, propane, and other liquids including biofuels and natural gas liquids.    This Week in Petroleum    Weekly Petroleum Status Report        Natural Gas   Exploration and reserves, storage, imports and exports, production, prices, sales.    Weekly Natural Gas Storage Report    Natural Gas Weekly Update        Electricity   Sales, revenue and prices, power plants, fuel use, stocks, generation, trade, demand & emissions.    Electric Power Monthly    Electricity Data Browser        Consumption & Efficiency   Energy use in homes, commercial buildings, manufacturing, and transportation.    Residential Energy Consumption Survey (RECS)    Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS)          Coal   Reserves, production, prices, employment and productivity, distribution, stocks, imports and exports.    Quarterly Coal Report    Coal Data Browser        Renewable & Alternative Fuels   Includes hydropower, solar, wind, geothermal, biomass and ethanol.    Alternative Fuel Vehicle Browser        Nuclear & Uranium   Uranium fuel, nuclear reactors, generation, spent fuel.    Daily Status of Nuclear Outages        Total Energy   Comprehensive data summaries, comparisons, analysis, and projections integrated across all energy sources.    Monthly Energy Review    Annual Energy Review             Analysis & Projections   Monthly and yearly energy forecasts, analysis of energy topics, financial analysis, Congressional reports.    Short Term Energy Outlook    Annual Energy Outlook    International Energy Outlook        Markets & Finance   Financial market analysis and financial data for major energy companies.    Market Prices and Uncertainty Report    Energy & Financial Markets: What Drives Crude Oil Prices?          Environment   Greenhouse gas data, voluntary reporting, electric power plant emissions.    Energy-Related Carbon Dioxide Emissions at the State Level, 2000-2015    State Carbon Dioxide Emissions             U.S. States   State energy information, including overviews, rankings, data, and analyses.    State Energy Data System (SEDS)        Maps   Maps by energy source and topic, includes forecast maps.    U.S. Energy Mapping System    Gulf of Mexico    Energy Disruptions          International   International energy information, including overviews, rankings, data, and analyses.    International Energy Statistics             Glossary       Search         Data Tools, Apps, & Maps   Tools to customize searches, view specific data sets, study detailed documentation, and access time-series data.      Open Data   EIA's free and open data available as API, Excel add-in, bulk files, and widgets      EIA Beta   Come test out some of the products still in development and let us know what you think!     Follow us. . .                         All Reports & Publications       Search            EIA Survey Forms   Forms EIA uses to collect energy data including descriptions, links to survey instructions, and additional information.       Email Updates   Sign up for email subcriptions to receive messages about specific EIA products      RSS Feeds   Subscribe to feeds for updates on EIA products including Today in Energy and What's New.           Today in Energy   Short, timely articles with graphics on energy, facts, issues, and trends.      Energy Explained     What is Energy?    Units & Calculators    Use of Energy    Energy & Environment    Petroleum    Hydrocarbon Gas Liquids    Natural Gas      Coal    Nuclear    Electricity    Hydropower    Biofuels: Ethanol & Biodiesel    Wind    Geothermal    Solar        For Teachers   Lesson plans, science fair experiments, field trips, teacher guide, and career corner.        Glossary       Search         FAQs     Coal    Conversion & Equivalents    Crude Oil    Diesel    Electricity    Environment      Gasoline    General Energy    Natural Gas    Nuclear    Prices    Renewables                              What's New?   Drilling Productivity Report › Apr 16, 2018  Short-Term Energy Outlook › Apr 10, 2018  Iran Country Analysis Brief › Apr 09, 2018       Press Room     Press Releases    Congressional Testimony    Presentations    Events    Radio Spots          Coming Up    Coming Up  Monthly Energy Review ›  Natural Gas Monthly ›  Monthly Crude Oil and Natural Gas Production ›  More ›       Featured Reports   Reports requested by congress or otherwise deemed important.    Midwest and Rocky Mountain Transportation Fuels Markets    East Coast and Gulf Coast Transportation Fuels Markets    West Coast Transportation Fuels Markets    Southern California Daily Energy Report    Effects of the Clean Power Plan           A-Z Index    A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | XYZ            Enter Search Term(s):     Search              Projects published on Beta are not final and may contain programming errors.  They are for public testing and comment only. We welcome your feedback .  For final products, please visit www.eia.gov .        Read our feedback policy.    Project Feedback  Read what others are saying about this project.    06/20/2017 - Norway  Your reports are well structured and accessible. EIA is a very valuable source for my research.     06/20/2017 - Belgium  No doubt, your country analyses are key to our monitoring of country risks, and I expect them to be more and more useful in an energy transition context.   Thanks for your feedback!      06/19/2017 - Hong Kong  This is exceedingly helpful, I cannot do without these analyses. The references are particularly useful in further understanding of the issues.     06/19/2017 - Argentina  I belong to an ngo dealing with energy policies in Argentina, and their connections with the international public policies and energy markets. Your information is very useful for me. THANKS     06/19/2017 - North Carolina, United States  I am a former U.S. State Department official now teaching energy courses at the university level. The EIA products are highly reliable and up-to-date.   Thanks for your feedback, and we're  glad to hear that you find the information useful!      06/19/2017 - Turkey  I am a high-ranking Govt. official dealing with international relations and diplomacy. I have been resorting to your data for more than 10 years. It provides to me useful background for the structure and developments in the energy sector, both on country basis and on global scope. Useful and helpful data for my work. Thanks sincerely.   Thank you for your feedback!      05/17/2017 - Argentina  It keeps me updated. Very useful information.   Thank you for your feedback!      05/17/2017 - Denmark  The info provided regularly by the EIA is of very good quality and of high value, thanks.   Thanks for your feedback!      04/16/2017 - United Kingdom  I am using the total electricity net consumption of U.S. But I am confused the description of the data. i.e. What is the net consumption means? Is it seasonally adjusted data? Thanks!   Thanks for your feedback! For the United States, net consumption excludes the energy consumed by the generating units. For all other countries except the United States, total electric power consumption = total net electricity generation + electricity imports - electricity exports – electricity transmission and distribution losses.      01/18/2017 - District of Columbia, United States  Clicking on the first graphic on this page zooms in way too much (the height of the graphic is 3x the size of the pop-up) and only the vertical scroll bar works. http://www.eia.gov/beta/international/regions-topics.cfm?RegionTopicID=CSR#   Thanks for bringing this to our attention, it has now been fixed.      12/19/2016 - China  Where can I find the previous function that could enable to view and download selected data in tables ? Thanks.   You can find the information you’re looking for in the “Data” tab at the top of the International Portal. From there you can use the “Select Data” and “Select Countries” tabs to select the data you’d like presented. To download the data you have selected click the download icon above the table. (Data (CSV) – Table is the download you’re looking for)      12/06/2016 - Spain  Excelent work. A few suggestions regarding CO2 emissions: - 2012 data for Argentina, Brazil and India (at least) are missing... - there is a strange jump in Germany data between 2009 and 2010 Thanks again   Thanks for your feedback. We recently updated the CO2 Emissions data. There is now data for Argentina, Brazil, and India.      12/01/2016 - Italy  First of all, congrats for this huge and helpful dataset!Secondly, how can I recover the data for Biodiesel production and see them in the chart/table? The Source button seem not to do any changes.. Thanks a lot again   We have not loaded the biodiesel data onto the new website.  We will be doing so shortly.      11/28/2016 - Colombia  It would be easier, if when using metric units, instead of writing "billion kWh" you would specify whether this is 10^9 (as in english speaking countries) or 10^12 (everywhere else). Am I correct to assume 1 billion kW equal 1 GW?   Thanks for your feedback! The Unit of Measure Equivalents EIA uses can be found here :      11/19/2016 - Missouri, United States  International energy - consumption per capita years 2010 and 2011 seem wildly out of line with the previous years. US goes for 308 to 69,595 in 2010? Seems incorrect   Thanks for your feedback! We have not updated Per Capita Consumption data yet; this is in work.      11/11/2016 - Indiana, United States  I very much liked the previous version where excel downloaded data was much easier to work with. With this new version and the way it generates excel files when we download data, it takes me a huge amount of time to effectively use a downloaded file.   We are always looking for ways to improve our website, and appreciate your feedback.      11/11/2016 - Virginia, United States  Per capita consumption data for 2011 by continent is coming up strangely. For global consumption of 529 Quad BTUs, it's showing per capita 9.5 trillion BTUs (which would assume a world pop. ~56,000).   Thanks for your comment! We have not updated Per Capita Consumption data yet; this is in work.      11/02/2016 - India  Hi, great work with the interface. However, there are parts of the database that we could access in the previous version, that we are unable to access here (Imports and exports of petroleum crude and products, consumption of renewable energy in QTBTU among others). It would be great if these issues were cleared up asap so as to improve usability and access to data. Thank you!   Thanks for your feedback! In order to make the imports data easier to find, a ‘Featured View’ was created for Petroleum OECD Imports. Exports data is currently bring validated and will be posted to the website once approved.  Imports/Exports data for Coal, Electricity and Hydrocarbon Gas Liquids can be found by filtering within the “Select Data” button.  The energy consumption data can be found here :      10/24/2016 - India  Hi, We are unable to download crude oil and refined petroleum products imports by country. Kindly help.   Thank you for your inquiry. At this time, we are not sure when (or if) we will include country-level data on oil/petroleum imports and exports in our International Energy Statistics.  A potential non-EIA source for that data that you could try is: www.iea.org      10/13/2016 - Iran  Can you please create new links for your new things? I just saved a link for total renewable electricity net consumption, every time I just use this link address, but this time because of your update, it was not found. It makes me confused, I need this data in excel format, I search all of your website, I did not find this variable data/   Thanks for your feedback! Renewable electricity consumption is assumed to equal to renewable electricity generation, so that variable was not added to the beta site. This can be revisited so as to avoid confusion.      10/11/2016 - New York, United States  The old system to download data was much easier - why fix something that worked well. I saw a comment that person can download all countries - I can not find that. Can you please direct me to it - thanks   When on the Data Tab of the website: http://www.eia.gov/beta/international/data/browser/#/?vs=INTL.44-1-AFRC-QBTU.A&cy=2013&vo=0&v=H&start=1980&end=2014  Click on the ‘Select Countries’ button in green. - Click on ‘All Countries’ on the left. Click ‘Select All’ on the Right. Click on the green check mark button in the top right corner. Click on the green ‘Download’ button on the top right side of the data table      10/01/2016 - Texas, United States  I'm just curious why the data period ends at 2013 - it's now Oct 2016 - seems like there should be data at least thru 2015. Has the beta site been replaced? Am I just in the wrong place?   The data on the Beta website was recently updated and validated through 2013.  The team will be working to gather, validate, and publish 2014 and 2015 in the coming months.      09/28/2016 - Japan  I'm using the data for elec. generation (e.g. PV or wind) for my own research. Before this version, the data were down to 3 to 4 decimal places. However, only 1 decimal seems to be shown in Beta. It would be more useful and helpful for research if some options for more decimal place were added or units could be modified (e.g. other than billion kWh for generation). Thanks.   Thanks for your feedback! We are currently working on updating the number of decimal places for more specificity.      09/13/2016 - Norway  Hi, this gives me a very interesting picture of the global energy sector. Thank you.   You're welcome, and thanks for your feedback!      08/29/2016 - Texas, United States  The organization of downloaded CSV data makes the data almost unusable. All headers for each country are shown as having equal value to the country itself so the data cannot be sorted without losing the country identification. I downloaded All Countries>Crude Oil and Lease Condensate Production. Column B makes every heading equal i.e., the country and various information headings. It is unfortunate that a download cannot be directly used but it is frustrating that as an expert Excel user I cannot easily determine a way to organize the data in a way that makes it usable. Thanks, Art Berman   Sorry you are having trouble with the data download, please try the following. Once you select Countries/Select data but before you initializing the download click the tab for Sources/Activities. This will change the way the data is displayed/downloaded and should solve your problem.      08/16/2016 - Texas, United States  Really helpful and easy to use.   Thanks!      08/12/2016 - United Kingdom  Excellent. This is much easier to navigate and use.   We're glad you like it!      07/27/2016 - Brazil  Excelent job! What does the "other liquids" in Total Petroleum and Other Liquids Production 2015 include?   Other Liquids includes biodiesel, ethanol, liquids produced from coal, gas, and oil shale, Orimulsion, and other hydrocarbons      07/18/2016 - India  Very useful data. However, it would be great if you could mention how much of India's energy (especially oil and gas) imports come by sea, in order to get a clearer picture of India's energy imports.   Thanks for your feedback, we'll look into making those changes.      06/23/2016 - United Kingdom  I was using your import figures for china i.e. the pie chart for percentage world wide imports 2014 and when added up it is 99% rather than 100.   Thanks for your feedback. The total may not equal 100% due to independent rounding.      06/22/2016 - Japan  More new information will be helpful to understand global enegy situation.   We're glad you like it.      06/15/2016 - Ecuador  Srs, I am probably one of the thousands readers that are eager to learn of the new information produced by EIA. Excellent, by the way. OPEC report on revenue is very informative. Our governments always keep us in the dark. Why???. Thank you     06/07/2016 - United Kingdom  Amazing data, thank you very much!     05/25/2016 - China  Very helpful information!! Well researched, clear figures and graphs.     05/18/2016 - California, United States  There is no data available for the petroleum or natural gas reserves in the U.S.A.   EIA has published data for both series' through 2015.      05/01/2016 - Australia  It is incredibly frustrating trying to view the data you want. Today I simply want to view the imports of crude oil in bbld in South Africa. BTU is a completely unhelpful metric.   You can use the 'Change Units' control to adjust from BTU to U.S. Customary system, Metric, or another measurement option of your choosing.      04/22/2016 - California, United States  2014?? Where are the production numbers of 2015 and up 4/22/16?   Production numbers for 2015 and 2016 will be added once they are finalized.      04/03/2016 - United Kingdom  Fantastic resource. Very well researched, clear and easy figures and graphs. Well organised too. Incredible useful!     03/08/2016 - District of Columbia, United States  What a handy tool, thanks!     03/06/2016 - New Jersey, United States  Well organized information with easy access.     02/15/2016 - West Virginia, United States  Very helpful information!     02/14/2016 - China  I like the old version which had a country brief.   All countries with analyses can be accessed by clicking the "analysis" tab.      02/09/2016 - Saudi Arabia  Excellent work for the country analysis. However, i'm struggling to cite the South African country analysis report....would appreciate if you could sent it   You can download PDF files for all of the countries with a detailed energy analysis.  (Click the "read full analysis" link and the downloadable PDF is at the top left of your screen labeled “full report”)      01/30/2016 - Spain  Your website is very useful for me as a teacher, particularly the world thematic maps. My students like it as well. Thanks a lot!     01/22/2016 - Vietnam  Useful data for my work. Thanks sincerely.     01/04/2016 - Canada  Best government website ever     01/02/2016 - Turkey  Goood     12/29/2015 - Michigan, United States  We use your 'Total Electricity Net Consumption' data for comparing countries for a market potential index we create each year. Data in the previous years was available up to 5 decimal places. However, data is available with only 1 decimal place this year (through the beta interface) and comparing countries became a challenge because there are too many countries with the same values now. Is there a way to download the full data-set with all the decimal points available?   Thank you for contacting EIA. We are currently working on updating the number of decimal places for more specificity.      12/22/2015 - United Kingdom  Brilliant bit of website, made my life a thousand times easier!     12/06/2015 - Argentina  Excellent!!     11/29/2015 - Malaysia  May I know if there is a latest write up on Malaysia year 2015. The one I have obtained is 2014.   Country analyses are updated on a periodic basis, the 2014 analysis for Malaysia is the most current.      11/21/2015 - Virginia, United States  Terrific article on Brazil...thank you.     11/20/2015 - Egypt  I note that the analysis of energy in Israel in this site is not covered in details as other countries?   You are correct, not all countries, including in this case Israel, have detailed analysis briefs.      11/17/2015 - Michigan, United States  Great PDF file on Canada's energy and trade success! Exactly what I needed to bring me up to speed for my research on Michigan and on the Midwest - thanks! (Mike at McGuire Research)     11/15/2015 - California, United States  Why are your maps so hard to copy and past? It should be easy to get a nice graph of yours.   Our maps and graphs are available for download, and are also easily embeddable for use on external websites, blogs, and newsletters. Simply click the 'Download' button adjacent to a map or graphic and you will be presented with a variety of format options.      11/12/2015 - Alabama, United States  I work with Excel spreadsheets. I looked at your Excel download function and examined your Excel spreadsheet. It appears that if I am going to load the data into my spreadsheets, I will have to do one line at a time, each country individualy.   EIA offers an Excel Add-in that will allow you to simplify your spreadsheet work. The EIA Excel Add-in can be found here .      10/06/2015 - United Kingdom  The analysis on South Korea was a very interesting and worthwhile read. Great to see such an informed analysis presented with tables to illustrate it     09/30/2015 - France  Excellent interface, very very efficient. Having global data is definitely a plus. Too bad data goes up to 2012 and does not include 2013 and 2014. Comments coming from an IT manager used to major systems with large databases.   Thank you for your feedback! We are constantly adding new data series' to our database, data for current years will be added as it is available.      09/12/2015 - India  I always rely on data published by EIA to make various comparisons and analysis reports. This tool makes my job much easier.     09/11/2015 - Russia  Amazing tool, thank you for such a useful application for data export .     08/16/2015 - Colorado, United States  So... Pretty! Really appreciate you guys going the extra mile with your data tools, this makes my research so much more effective. You guys have been an utter joy to work with (not a typical experience for government bureaucracy), and this new beta is the icing on the cake. Thanks for the hard work you have put in to make this information clear and understandable! Looking forward to seeing what you guys cook up in the future.     06/09/2015 - District of Columbia, United States  Why can't I download any of this to spreadsheets? Why can't I download multiple years?   You can download all of the international data as spreadsheets. To do this, select the country, or countries, and fuel source(s) you would like to see data for and click the download button. (Directly beneath the animation controls) This will give you the option to download the displayed data in a variety of ways, including as a spreadsheet (.csv file). Data for all available years is included as the default.      06/01/2015 - Nigeria  Dear Sirs, I have been using your data for almost 20 yrs, in particular the international Petroleum data. I like the granularity provided, by country by month. Unfortunately it seems from the beta site, that I can only access the annual data and only download as a CSV file. Is that correct? regards Casper   The monthly data is being migrated to the new tool shortly.  In the meantime, that data can be accessed via the Legacy IES link at the bottom of any of the Data Browser pages, or by visiting http://www.eia.gov/cfapps/ipdbproject/IEDIndex3.cfm      05/31/2015 - Virginia, United States  Where are the country pages!!!? I am writing a book chapter and referenced your site, where I found terrific info on India and Japan several months ago. Unfortunately, it appears you deleted those pages. Why?   The country pages can be accessed by clicking the "Select Country/Region" dropdown, and also by clicking the "Analysis" tab.      05/27/2015 - Antarctica  I really love this beautiful webpage! It is very wonderful:) I love learning about this stuff!     05/25/2015 -  I need to access country profiles in .pdf form.   You can download PDF files for all of the countries with a detailed energy analysis.  (Click the "read full analysis" link and the downloadable PDF is at the top left of your screen labeled “full report”)      05/20/2015 - New York, United States  Thank you for all the info and help over the past few years. Before the layout, I was able to find annual #s of net exports of petro for each country, and now I have no idea where it is.   Click the Data tab and then use the "Select Data" and "Select Countries" buttons to choose which fuel source(s) and which countries you'd like to see the data for.      05/20/2015 - New York, United States  I am looking for bbl and bcf , not Btu , can you tell me where to look for country's oil bbl and gas in bcf? Thanks   The information you’re requesting can still be found in the new International Portal’s Data Browser. (The data tab)  Once on the data page clicking the “Select Data” button allows you to choose which energy source is shown, allows you to specify what data you want to retrieve, and allows you to adjust the unit of measurement based on your preferences.      05/20/2015 - Canada  Where can I find the original spreadsheets with the country data for Crude + Condensate and the one for all liquids. The new look is too complicated for me. The spreadsheet is more easily used for good analysis.   The information you’re requesting can be found in the new international portal’s Data Browser which is accessed by clicking the data tab or clicking http://www.eia.gov/beta/international/data/browser  Once on the data page you can use the “Select Countries” button to select which countries you’d like to see data series’ for. (You can also select all countries)  Likewise, clicking the “Select Data” button allows you to choose which energy source(s) is shown, and allows you to specify what data you want to retrieve. (Consumption, production, etc.)      05/19/2015 - Texas, United States  Would like a link to the pdf of the entire country analysis brief.   Thanks for writing in.    If the country has a full write-up (a full brief, more than just bullets), we do offer a PDF.   See Saudi Arabia (http://www.eia.gov/beta/international/analysis.cfm?iso=SAU) as an example.   We typically don't offer pre-baked PDFs if we just have bullet notes (what we call Country Analysis Notes)  If you are looking to PDF other sections of the site (the country overview page, for example), you can use any number of free, open source packages to create a PDF.  They typically use your computer's "print" function, but instead of using a printer, they produce a PDF on your computer's hard drive.          Feedback Policy  Policy for public posting of feedback submitted during beta testing of EIA experimental web products:   User feedback of beta products is moderated. EIA will review all feedback submissions within one business day.  EIA reserves the right to edit feedback for brevity and grammar prior to posting.  Feedback submissions that use profanity, offensive language, or fail to address the product undergoing beta testing will not be posted.  Personally identifiable information, such as full names or email addresses, will be redacted from the published feedback.  Constructive criticism, suggestions, and kudos are welcome.   Thanks for helping us to make EIA's products better!     Feedback       International  Select Country / Region      Choose a Country or Region Browse: Alphabetically | By Region      indicates countries/regions with analysis         Clear search text     World  Afghanistan  Albania  Algeria  American Samoa  Angola  Antarctica  Antigua and Barbuda  Argentina  Armenia  Aruba  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas, The  Bahrain  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belarus  Belgium  Belize  Benin  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Botswana  Brazil  Brunei  Bulgaria  Burkina Faso  Burma (Myanmar)  Burundi  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Cape Verde  Cayman Islands  Central African Republic  Chad  Chile  China  Colombia  Comoros  Congo (Brazzaville)  Congo (Kinshasa)  Cook Islands  Costa Rica  Cote dIvoire (IvoryCoast)  Croatia  Cuba  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Djibouti  Dominica  Dominican Republic  Ecuador  Egypt  El Salvador  Equatorial Guinea  Eritrea  Estonia  Ethiopia  Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)  Faroe Islands  Fiji  Finland  France  French Guiana  French Polynesia  Gabon  Gambia, The  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Gibraltar  Greece  Greenland  Grenada  Guadeloupe  Guam  Guatemala  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Guyana  Haiti  Honduras  Hong Kong  Hungary  Iceland  India  Indonesia  Iran  Iraq  Ireland  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Japan  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Kiribati  Korea, North  Korea, South  Kuwait  Kyrgyzstan  Laos  Latvia  Lebanon  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macau  Macedonia  Madagascar  Malawi  Malaysia  Maldives  Mali  Malta  Martinique  Mauritania  Mauritius  Mexico  Moldova  Mongolia  Montenegro  Montserrat  Morocco  Mozambique  Namibia  Nauru  Nepal  Netherlands  Netherlands Antilles  New Caledonia  New Zealand  Nicaragua  Niger  Nigeria  Niue  Northern Mariana Islands  Norway  Oman  Pakistan  Palestinian Territories  Panama  Papua New Guinea  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Poland  Portugal  Puerto Rico  Qatar  Reunion  Romania  Russia  Rwanda  Saint Helena  Saint Kitts and Nevis  Saint Lucia  Saint Pierre and Miquelon  Saint Vincent/Grenadines  Samoa  Sao Tome and Principe  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Singapore  Slovakia  Slovenia  Solomon Islands  Somalia  South Africa  Spain  Sri Lanka  Sudan and South Sudan  Suriname  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Syria  Taiwan  Tajikistan  Tanzania  Thailand  Timor-Leste (East Timor)  Togo  Tonga  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Turkmenistan  Turks and Caicos Islands  U.S. Pacific Islands  Uganda  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States  Uruguay  Uzbekistan  Vanuatu  Venezuela  Vietnam  Virgin Islands,  U.S.  Virgin Islands, British  Wake Island  Western Sahara  Yemen  Zambia  Zimbabwe Regions of Interest  Caspian Sea  East China Sea  Eastern Mediterranean  Middle East & North Africa  South China Sea Special Topics  Emerging East Africa Energy  Liquid Fuels and Natural Gas in the Americas  OPEC Revenues Fact Sheet  World Oil Transit Chokepoints   World North America  Bermuda  Canada  Greenland  Mexico  Saint Pierre and Miquelon  United States Central & South America  Antarctica  Antigua and Barbuda  Argentina  Aruba  Bahamas, The  Barbados  Belize  Bolivia  Brazil  Cayman Islands  Chile  Colombia  Costa Rica  Cuba  Dominica  Dominican Republic  Ecuador  El Salvador  Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)  French Guiana  Grenada  Guadeloupe  Guatemala  Guyana  Haiti  Honduras  Jamaica  Martinique  Montserrat  Netherlands Antilles  Nicaragua  Panama  Paraguay  Peru  Puerto Rico  Saint Kitts and Nevis  Saint Lucia  Saint Vincent/Grenadines  Suriname  Trinidad and Tobago  Turks and Caicos Islands  Uruguay  Venezuela  Virgin Islands,  U.S.  Virgin Islands, British Europe  Albania  Austria  Belgium  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Bulgaria  Croatia  Cyprus  Czech Republic  Denmark  Faroe Islands  Finland  France  Germany  Gibraltar  Greece  Hungary  Iceland  Ireland  Italy  Luxembourg  Macedonia  Malta  Montenegro  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Serbia  Slovakia  Slovenia  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Turkey  United Kingdom Eurasia  Armenia  Azerbaijan  Belarus  Estonia  Georgia  Kazakhstan  Kyrgyzstan  Latvia  Lithuania  Moldova  Russia  Tajikistan  Turkmenistan  Ukraine  Uzbekistan Middle East  Bahrain  Iran  Iraq  Israel  Jordan  Kuwait  Lebanon  Oman  Palestinian Territories  Qatar  Saudi Arabia  Syria  United Arab Emirates  Yemen Africa  Algeria  Angola  Benin  Botswana  Burkina Faso  Burundi  Cameroon  Cape Verde  Central African Republic  Chad  Comoros  Congo (Brazzaville)  Congo (Kinshasa)  Cote dIvoire (IvoryCoast)  Djibouti  Egypt  Equatorial Guinea  Eritrea  Ethiopia  Gabon  Gambia, The  Ghana  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Kenya  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Madagascar  Malawi  Mali  Mauritania  Mauritius  Morocco  Mozambique  Namibia  Niger  Nigeria  Reunion  Rwanda  Saint Helena  Sao Tome and Principe  Senegal  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Somalia  South Africa  Sudan and South Sudan  Swaziland  Tanzania  Togo  Tunisia  Uganda  Western Sahara  Zambia  Zimbabwe Asia & Oceania  Afghanistan  American Samoa  Australia  Bangladesh  Bhutan  Brunei  Burma (Myanmar)  Cambodia  China  Cook Islands  Fiji  French Polynesia  Guam  Hong Kong  India  Indonesia  Japan  Kiribati  Korea, North  Korea, South  Laos  Macau  Malaysia  Maldives  Mongolia  Nauru  Nepal  New Caledonia  New Zealand  Niue  Northern Mariana Islands  Pakistan  Papua New Guinea  Philippines  Samoa  Singapore  Solomon Islands  Sri Lanka  Taiwan  Thailand  Timor-Leste (East Timor)  Tonga  U.S. Pacific Islands  Vanuatu  Vietnam  Wake Island Regions of Interest  Caspian Sea  East China Sea  Eastern Mediterranean  Middle East & North Africa  South China Sea Special Topics  Emerging East Africa Energy  Liquid Fuels and Natural Gas in the Americas  OPEC Revenues Fact Sheet  World Oil Transit Chokepoints     Overview   Data      Petroleum Monthly: Production | Consumption  Annual: Production | Consumption    Natural Gas  Production | Consumption    Coal  Production | Consumption    Electricity  Generation | Consumption    Hydrocarbon Gas Liquids  Production | Consumption    Primary Energy  Production | Consumption    see more      Analysis         Rankings          Energy Source       Petroleum       Natural Gas       Coal       Electricity      Visualization       Bubble Map       Heat Map       Column Chart       Total Petroleum and Other Liquids Production - 2017 ›   Thousand Barrels Per Day  United States Saudi Arabia Russia Canada China Iran Iraq United Arab Emirates Brazil Kuwait Mexico Venezuela Qatar Nigeria Norway  See more rankings ›    + −          Production        Consumption        Reserves & Capacity        Imports        Exports        Visualization Controls   2017    1980  2017      Play   Reset     Legend   Thousand Barrels Per Day      0  15564      Value is not available      0     15564         Loading...     Created with Highcharts 3.0.10 DOWNLOAD Thousand Barrels Per Day 2017 U.S. and other top 5, total petroleum and other liquids production United States Saudi Arabia Russia Canada China Iran 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 0 5,000 10,000 15,000 20,000 Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration  Created with Highcharts 3.0.10 DOWNLOAD Billion Cubic Feet 2015 U.S. and other top 5, dry natural gas production United States Russia Iran Qatar Canada China 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 0 10,000 20,000 30,000 Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration     Resources  International Energy Outlook Yearly energy projections through 2040  Short-Term Energy Outlook Monthly energy projections through 2016  Annual Energy Outlook Yearly US energy projections through 2040  The Availability and Price of Petroleum and Petroleum Products Produced in Countries Other Than Iran  North American Cooperation on Energy Information     Recent country analysis  Iran  April 2018 United Kingdom  March 2018  Sudan and South Sudan  March 2018    Related reports  U.S. liquefied natural gas exports quadrupled in 2017  March 27, 2018  The value of U.S. energy exports to Mexico exceeded import value for third year in a row  March 14, 2018  Venezuela’s crude oil production declines amid economic instability  March 13, 2018             About EIA  Open Data  Press Room  Careers  Contact Us     U.S. Energy Information Administration 1000 Independence Ave., SW Washington, DC 20585      Sources & Uses  Petroleum  Coal  Natural Gas  Renewable  Nuclear  Electricity  Consumption  Total Energy    Topics  Analysis & Projections  Environment  Markets & Finance  Today in Energy   Geography  States  Countries  Maps    Tools  A-Z Index  All Reports &  Publications  Data Tools, Apps,  and Maps  EIA Survey Forms  EIA Beta    Policies  Privacy/Security  Copyright & Reuse  Accessibility    Related Sites  U.S. Department of Energy  USA.gov  FedStats    Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Flickr  LinkedIn  Email Updates  RSS Feeds        #^$